Two dogs are fighting
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
A black dog lays in the sand.
A lean dog runs through green grass.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
the act of directing attention, resources to something
Three dogs play in the grass.
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
The hairy man is sitting on a train
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
The black dog is running through the grass.
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
a single chance or instance.
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
A tan dog is running through the brush
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
be a sign or indication of.
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
the tactile (touch) quality something has
The two dogs are running on the grass.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
A woman is cutting an onion
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
Kids playing ball in the park.
A child pushes another child on a swing.
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
A man is playing a guitar on stage
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
a separate and self-contained entity.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
A man running on a track.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A woman is washing a big pepper
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
culminating event
Smiling man with reflective classes.
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
open again or anew.
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
a dog napping under a small table.
A man is not cutting an onion
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
assign to or arrange into categories
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A group of Asian girls are standing together
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
One small child is drinking water from the cup
register formally as a participant
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
People walk along on the street.
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
A small animal is singing
a close up head of an ostrich.
design for a specific purpose
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
make small marks into the surface of.
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
an itemized statement of money owed
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
There is no woman dancing near a fire
make a clicking or ticking sound.
(cause to) break up or cease to function
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
disregard, fail to attend to
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
A man is getting into a car
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
Two dogs run through mud.
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
become master of, overcome, dominate
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
A person near an onion has a cut
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
Four people rowing down a river.
sink to a lower level; descend
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
Red sports car racing down track.
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
committee with supervisory powers
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
the event of proposing or volunteering something
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
Something is being fried by a woman
The panda is not eating bamboo
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
The chef is seasoning the oil
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
the act of sorting things into categories
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
A woman is eating a cupcake
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
The man is cutting the tape on the box
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
confine as if in a prison.
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
There is no man dancing
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
A man is playing a flute
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
A woman is cutting a tomato
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
two girls walking in the street
The man is not seasoning the sausages
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
Three women are standing still
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
believe to be the case.
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
A couple holds a baby.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
The boy is playing in the sand.
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
supporter, advocate of something or someone
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
a dog trots through the grass.
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
bring into a different state.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
A man is exercising
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
Two cats are playing with a red ball
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
A woman is not talking on a telephone
A blonds girl is surfing
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
exclusive control or possession of something.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
A person is peeling a banana
Two men are not holding fishing poles
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
get rid of.
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
two puppies playing around in the grass
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
make new.
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
the high value or worth of something.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
The woman is playing the flute
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
A dog is wading in the water.
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
A boy is sitting in a seat
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
touch or hold with the hands
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
Four black dogs run across the grass.
a collection of something, often a large amount
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
A skateboarder on a city street.
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
A woman is slicing butter
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
Boy feeding a sheep.
function in a particular manner when moving
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
place too much a load on.
A gray bird is flying over the water.
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
a channel of social communication
the state of being excluded.
Someone is cleansing an animal
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
A person is dancing in the rain
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
organize or be responsible for.
Two dogs run on the grass.
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
the act of governing, administrating
A black dog is running in the grass.
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
A black and white dog runs through the water.
A man is lumping dough
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
the act of appraising, critiquing something
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
something copied or derived from an original.
Two dogs are playing inside
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
A man is cleaning a dish
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
the act of drawing or hauling something.
One man is riding a horse
The dog is playing in the water.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
A few animals are playing in the water
The dog runs through the snow.
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
subsist on a meager allowance.
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
A dog is playing with a toy
A woman is tapping her fingers
two woman sit on a park bench.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
a body of students who are taught together.
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
to combat or oppose someone or something
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
Five black dogs run in a field.
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
A woman is cutting some plants
free from obligations or duties.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
a process of development, increase or advancement
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
A tiger is pacing around a cage
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
A woman is picking a can
A woman is being massaged by a man
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
Someone is typing on a keyboard
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
to lecture formally to an audience
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
A brown dog is running through the field.
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
A brown dog walks through snow.
A dog is looking around
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
The kitten is playing with a toy
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
Someone is beating an egg
The small boy is standing in the forest
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
provide lodging for
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
behave in a condescending manner
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
A couple walking down the street.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
Two children hug one another.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
Two men wearing bike helmets.
People standing outside at a carnival.
A white dog runs on the sand.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
the physical expanse of the universe
A woman is playing an electric guitar
One woman is peeling a potato
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
the act of committing a crime.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
something that is desired intensely.
A group of girls on a beach.
the hard upper part of the human nose
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
Someone is holding a hedgehog
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
A man is playing a guitar
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
be or come into conflict
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
A rope is being climbed by a man
A man is cutting a fish
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
narrate or give a detailed account of.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A dog is running through tall grass.
The man is playing a game on the grass
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
There is no dog barking at a ball
A brown dog running after a young cow.
A woman is cutting a lemon
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
the state of being suspected.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
An animated airplane is landing
A girl poses with her head upside down.
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
The girl is painting a coverall blue
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
a state of being elevated or raised
A dog is running through the ocean.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
a physical entity
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
the act of perceiving a scent
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
Fly in or on a glider plane
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
a wet dog chasing a white ball
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
Two dogs running on the beach.
A kid is playing with a toy dog
There is no man doing a card trick
The drums are being played by the man
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
The windows are being cleaned by a man
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
deal with in a routine way.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
a black dog runs across the snow.
People sitting on the porch.
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
the act of applying paint to a surface
move, transfer or carry something or someone
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
the act of changing the location of something.
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
a state of extreme anger.
A computer on a desk.
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
The people are standing at a carnival
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
There is no man praying
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
Two dogs playing in a yard.
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
A football game is being watched by the crowd
The man is not playing the drums
A black dog is running through the snow.
A person is tearing paper
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
A black dog walking beside a pool.
restrict or confine
The lamb is looking at the camera.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
The bird is sitting on the branch.
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
the activity of protecting someone or something.
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
an unforeseen development.
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
Two dogs are running through the beach
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
Two animals are running through the park
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
A train traveling down the tracks.
Someone is falling off the horse
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
show consideration for; take into account.
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
a member of a police force.
A black dog standing in a field.
an expanse of land
A cow is eating grass
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
Four people are walking on the beach
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
come into the possession of.
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
A woman is seasoning a ham
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
A group is not riding the current in a raft
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
A woman is cutting fruit
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
A red double decker bus on a city street.
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
position in football played by a team member
The badger is burrowing a hole
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
provide, raise, or supply funds to
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
There is no parrot speaking
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
A white dog is running on sand.
A woman is eating a piece of meat
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
the noise of something rapping against a surface
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
The upper part of a column.
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
There is no man shooting a shotgun
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
A jet is not flying
a short account of the news.
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
come as if by falling.
A dog running on the beach
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
The women are divinely dancing outside
A man is dancing on the road
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
overcome with amazement.
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
an inherent aptitude or talent
A rider is waving at a surfer
the act of creating written works.
the trait of wasting resources.
protect with or as if with a shield
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
the successful action of solving a problem.
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
A plane is landing
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
A cute panda is not lying down
A girl is skipping rope in a park
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
feel hot or painful.
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
Two baby pandas are playing
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
Two girls are lying on the ground
the act of hiring something or someone.
A person is playing a guitar and singing
We think they have the right to choose.
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
Three children playing on the floor.
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
The dog is having a rest in the park
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
a general trait or characteristic of something
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
A close-up of a horse.
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
A woman is mixing eggs
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
A couple is not looking at a map
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
The dog runs through the water.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
The dog is playing with a plastic container
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
the act of dropping something.
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
write a computer program.
take legal action against, as in court
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
A lemur is hanging on a rope
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
devote oneself to a special area of work.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
do something considered below one's diginty
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
(Cause to) smell bad.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
make images or sounds less sharp
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
a happening or incident of human significance
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
A lemur is licking a person's finger
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
be relevant or pertinent
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
time to come
A dog with golden fur is in the water
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
The cat is licking a bottle
The woman is handling a frog
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
The black dog is lying in the grass.
get involved or mixed-up with.
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
the speech act of making something evident.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
break down, literally or metaphorically.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
A man is standing shirtless in the street
restrict or limit the range of
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
A passenger train sits in the station.
A man is putting away a guitar
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
an extended area of land.
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
A biker is wearing gear which is black
an abundance of something
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
A baby is laughing
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A dog is catching a ball
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
a lone dog running in a dirty road
There is no person slicing a potato
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
A man is eating some food
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
put a harness.
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
A person is dancing
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
Small black dog running in grass
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
A woman is walking in a city street
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
decree, issue an order
Two white dogs running in grass.
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
The trumpet is being played by a man
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
A man is cutting the tape on the box
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
move along on wheels
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
severance from a social connection or tie
a dog runs through the long grass.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
make a logical or causal connection.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
A cat looking out of a window.
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
the activity of learning or being trained
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
A dog swims in the water.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
a sporting match, boxing
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
informal terms for the leg.
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
go up or advance.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
A bird soars with wings spread.
system of arrangement
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
A surfer is riding a wave.
collect discarded or refused material.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
Someone is playing a piano
A man is cutting a tomato
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The dogs are running in the snow.
A cat is jumping into a box
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
the state of being employed or having a job.
A group of men play rugby.
become aware of through the senses
a dog shews on a big stick.
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
the act of choosing or selecting.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
A man is riding a kayak through water.
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
The person is practicing the guitar
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
The black dog is running through the grass
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
The man is playing the piano with his nose
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
the scent or odor of something
move or gather in a hive
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
have certain properties when driven.
A black dog runs through the water.
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
a stovetop, cooking appliance
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
the act of adding one thing to another.
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
People are riding two camels on the sand
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
A girl is on a jumping car
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
The men are not dancing
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
There is no man carrying a woman
a sudden emotional vocalization
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
The kids ride a boat in the water.
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
A man is spreading dough
The brown dog is running on the grass.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
the act of moving from one place to another.
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
allow the passage of air
medium of exchange minted by a government
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
suggest or prescribe a solution
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
catch fire.
break up a solid, usually into a solution
damage the reputation of.
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
A brown dog is running though a river.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
get or find back; recover the use of.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
Two men on the side of a barge
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
pass into by penetrating or permeating
There is no man dancing on the road
A flat screen TV on the floor.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
A backpack standing beside a train.
People on motorbikes in a city street.
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
The woman is cooking eggs
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
A skateboarder doing a jump.
The men are acting on a stage
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
to collect, acquire or gather
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
a boundary area or edge of something
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
A woman is throwing a potato peel
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
a stiffener in a garment
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
There is no woman using a sewing machine
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
opening shot in billiards or pool
communicate or signal with a flag.
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
a cue given to someone for assistance
increase in extent or intensity.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
twice the quantity or amount of something
A dog rolls on the ground.
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
A young woman dressed in black.
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
Runners are not taking part in the race
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
There is no man cutting a paper
Someone is playing with a frog
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
A boy is walking across a bridge
a boxing or wrestling match.
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
the act of taking something that is offered.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
final stage of an event or activity
appear or become visible; make a showing.
a group of sheep or goats.
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
A person is performing a card trick
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
There is no woman putting on lipstick
a cause or source of duress, worry
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
Two boys are running around a field.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
A man is playing a piano
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
A white cat laying on an office chair.
assign to a particular task
A wooden flute is being played by a man
sound sharply or shrilly.
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
the act of surrendering an asset
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
A dog runs through shallow water.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
rightful portion or stake of something
A white dog runs on the grass.
A cat song is being played on a piano
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
provide with a toggle or toggles.
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
A man picking up a big rock.
coerce by violence, fill with terror
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
A man is shooting with a weapon
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
the act of expressing approval, support of something
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
The act of creating written works.
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
A woman is playing the trumpet
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
The bearded man is sitting on a train
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
Two white dogs are running together
A dog is chasing a ball
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
A dog is opening a jar of food
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
any new participant in some activity.
A boy is running through the sand
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
A man is holding up an electronic device
Domestic cat looking out window.
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
A woman is amalgamating eggs
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
behave in a certain way.
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
There is no man eating some food
A dog is sleeping on the ground
The man is handling a gun
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
A woman is not frying meat
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
oppose with equal weight or force
A cat is playing with a device
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
A biker is naked
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
A passenger train coming into a station.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
The train sits at the train station.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
The woman is slicing a tomato
Black and white cows behind a fence.
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
the solid part of the earth's surface.
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
An event that causes someone or something to die.
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
catch in or as if in a trap.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A man is not playing keyboards
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
A topless woman is being covered in mud
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
Three brown dogs are in the water.
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
endure or experience a painful event
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
a tan dog swimming in some water
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
A person is riding an electric bicycle
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
A surfer on a wave.
provide a seat or base for
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
A woman and three men are denying a photo
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
There is no man running down the road
The woman is dicing a carrot
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
A woman is slicing an onion
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
A fish is being cut by a man
make a short, sharp sound
incline from a vertical position
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
Cereal is being eaten by the man
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
A man is tying a thick rope
The boy is riding a tricycle
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
Some persons are singing
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
Dough is being spread by a man
censure severely or angrily.
The man is not climbing up a rope
Some men are idling
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
A boy is playing guitar
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
A man standing in front of a brick building.
the act of applying force to propel something.
A few men are dancing
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
A man is shooting a shotgun
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
A dog is jumping into the water.
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
Two dogs run through the snow.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
reshow a play or broadcast
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
allow to have.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
A black and white photo of a love seat.
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
the conclusion of a communication
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
the state of being joined or united or linked.
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
The man is not playing a guitar
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
a group of old men walking down the street
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
Two poodles are running through the snow.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
clean, wash thoroughly
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
Nobody is brushing a cat
There is no woman slicing a fish
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
reverse the winding or twisting of.
Someone is writing
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
the event consisting of the start of something.
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
give or convey physically.
There is no girl in white dancing
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
Men are sawing logs
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
hold in a given state or situation
A close-up of a brown horse.
There is no man cutting tomatoes
A moped in front of ruins.
A man is being roped by a climber
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
Sniff at inquiringly.
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
contain or have a specific wording or information
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
move as a crowd or in a group.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
A man is jumping into a full pool
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
an established linear path of travel
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
A person is removing the butter from a tray
cover with a primer base
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
Two men are talking
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
measure the time or duration of
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
forked form or shape
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
A man is being roped before a climb
Cars racing on a dirt track
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
A guitar is being played by a man
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
the act of winding or twisting.
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
A group of people are dancing at a concert
a prediction of the course of a disease.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
dress in a certain manner.
No onion is being cut by a man
A bride with a white dress is looking down
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
pass the tongue over.
A boy is rock climbing.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
The man is slicing a potato
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
A man is thinking
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
A woman is putting meat in a pan
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
location sheltered from the wind
A man and a woman laughing.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
Two people are talking
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
make or become less strict or severe
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
stamp or emboss with a block
return to a former condition.
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
A man is making a speech on a podium
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
cause to be alert and energetic.
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
A girl is messing up her hair
A person riding a dirt bike.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
A woman is cooking prawns
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
Two dogs playing on grass.
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
A man is passionately playing a guitar
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
There is no monkey riding a bike
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
A couple standing on the curb
Kids play in the water
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
A person is frying food in a pan
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
make a film or photograph of something.
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
A man climbing a rock-face.
make even or more even.
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
A black faced sheep.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
A cat is playing keyboards
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Two children playing in the snow.
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
free from obligations, service or confinement
amount of time that something is postponed
A close-up view of a horse's head.
A person is driving the white car
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
The man is talking about the telephone
A train on the train tracks.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
The kid is still in the snow
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
A young woman is playing the guitar
A dig is trekking through snow.
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
Two panda bears are lying together
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
wear away or erode.
The man and woman are strolling
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
A large flute is being played by a man
to wind or move in a spiral course.
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
A guitar is being played by a baby
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
A man is slicing tomatoes
A woman is frying something in a pan
fluctuate, move back and forth
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
There is no girl riding a horse
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
have a strong desire to do something
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
Four dogs run in the grass.
put in a particular place or abstract location
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
take up or begin anew.
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
There is no man spitting
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
build, make by combining materials or parts
A little girl is peddling a scooter
Two men are leaving the stage
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
A cat reclines on an office chair.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
The act of arranging elements together.
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
the essence or gist of something
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
Some paper is being cut
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
a large or extra supply of something.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
A golden retriever is running
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
Someone is cleaning an animal
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
A girl is awakening
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
visual representation sketched by hand
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
pass into a specified state or condition.
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
energy in the form of molecular motion
A man is walking outside
A person is crouching and holding a camera
a mental grasp or understanding of something
Give an incentive or reason for action.
The man is running on the road
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
A group of people having a meal outside.
a white dog runs across the water.
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
Germinate, as in a plant.
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
A man is not dancing
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
the popular taste at a given time.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
A brown dog is jumping in the air
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
get or gather together.
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
A woman is diving into a pool
be a reason, cause, or justification of
request or demand something from someone
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
hit a fly (baseball)
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
A bicycle in a dining room.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
A cat is jumping into a container
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
A woman is peppering green slices
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
Two children splashing in the water.
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
move as if through a sieve.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
Two sumo ringers are fighting
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
A man is putting down the guitar
become distinct and acquire a different character.
cause to become widely known.
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
Two dogs running through sand.
go after with the intent to catch.
Four children are doing backbends in the park
A woman is cutting a white onion
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
take up, as of debts or payments.
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
An empty office cubicle.
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
the justification for some act or belief.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
A woman is slicing an octopus
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
There is no dog running on the beach
a brief attempt at some endeavor
an appraisal of the value of something.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
make (a surface) shine.
The cats are playing with each other
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
Somebody is playing the guitar
the activity of putting something in written form.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
The light brown dog is running up a street
Boy and girl running along the beach.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
make a dry crackling sound.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
A brown dog running through the grass.
There is no white car being driven by the man
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
The cow is grazing in a field.
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
two spotted dogs are running through a field
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
move into and stay in a particular position
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
A man is slicing a tomato
Two children are rolling in muddy water
A couple of boys are playing a video game
to hunt snipe
an informal right to something.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
A guitar is being played by a kid
A black dog digs in the snow.
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
the legal state of owing money
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
throw quickly, flick
become the owner or posessor of something
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
cause to be interested
A man on a bike in mid-air
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
A fish is being sliced by a man
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
There is no hamster singing
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
Old blue and white train on tracks.
A man is painting a woman's face
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
No little dog is running on the sand
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
People travel up the elevator together.
a bus driving in a street.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
A large white bird swoops over water.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
the consequence or aftermath of something
the close approach of one object to another
A woman is slicing some meat
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
A little black dog is running on the snow.
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
A man is playing a small flute
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
A door is being opened by a man
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
A baby is not crawling happily
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
An animal is biting a person's finger
Two dogs jumping on each other.
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
A child is slowly waking up
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
A woman is chopping an onion
put in a dangerous position
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
make noise like bad engine
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
abstain from eating or from certain foods
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
The men are having a conversation
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
Two cows cross a paved street.
A brown dog running.
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
Two dogs in snow.
A woman is storing broccoli
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
five people standing on a sidewalk
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
glare or strike with intensity
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
create code or computer programs
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
cause to make a snapping sound.
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
a brief experience of something.
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
make impure; make radioactive
Two men are not taking a break from construction
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
A toddler is sitting down
A person is standing near a motorcycle
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
There is no man playing a violin
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
A group of people is on a beach
A dog is having fun with a toy
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
A dog racing on a track.
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
cause animals to move
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
overflow with a certain feeling.
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
Two boys are studying
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
make (more) comprehensible
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
work material with a tool
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
hunt for hawks
Four people eating dessert around a table.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
A boy is standing in the cold water
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
A dog splashes in the murky water.
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
A crowd of people is near the water
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
One woman is playing a flute
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
Two men standing on beach.
A lemur is hanging on a cord
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Two dogs play in the grass.
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
A woman is frying some food
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
There is no woman dancing
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
A black dog is running in snow.
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
a side or surface of something
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
social ranking or position
the root or base form of a word
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
A potato is being sliced by a person
There is no man reading an email
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
The hungry woman is eating
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
A group of people are dancing in a show
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
Cover or back with foil.
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
A girl jumping in a puddle.
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
A man and a woman are not eating
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
a black and white cow in hay.
The rhino is being fed on the grass
Two animals sitting on a rock.
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
A small white dog running across a lawn.
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
say, state, or perform again
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
An animal is biting someone's finger
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
Kids playing tag football.
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
Two pandas are lying together
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
A panda is climbing
(construction) a layer of masonry.
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
The person is writing
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
A woman is performing in the rain
Two men are standing in deep water
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
The man is driving a car carefully
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
four people sitting at a table.
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
employ or utilize, put into service
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
A group of people is singing
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
A group of people eat at a table outside.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
A cat is playing with a small bottle
The man is dipping into a swamp
Two girls are sitting on the ground
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
return to in thought or speech
have faith or confidence in.
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A flute is being played by a girl
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
produce a click.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
A girl riding a tan horse.
Two dogs are running through a small pond
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
A man is picking up a tree
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
A man is dropping a tree
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
A band is not playing some instruments
A man is performing a trick on a bike
Travel (as if) through water.
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
provide with power and authority.
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
A dog is running through the snow.
Two dogs running in the dirt.
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
a mold for setting concrete.
An unforseen development.
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
The persons are singing and dancing
A woman is sleeping
two woman looking into a glass case.
A horse is not racing
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
A woman is looking curiously at a man
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
There is no child waking up
A woman is chopping up garlic
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
Three men are jumping on a wall
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
Rugby is being played by some men
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
react to a stimulus or command.
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
the act of dwelling in a place.
The brown dog is running in the snow
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
A black dog running through the snow.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A man is jumping rope in a field
There is no person peeling an onion
Three dogs playing in the green water.
A man is singing
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
A man riding a small bicycle.
A bird sits in a tree.
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
make something, usually for a specific function.
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
the speech act of objecting.
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
manage, handle, or control something
A dog is riding a skateboard
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
observe with care or pay close attention to.
The dog is catching a ball
a reference line used to align lettering
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
A race care driving along a dirt road.
A man is racing
A man is riding a motorbike
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
The act of testing something.
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
It is raining on a walking man
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
the act of flipping an object into the air
A man is slicing a red tomato
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
There is no man fishing in the river
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
A woman is talking to a man
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
like better; value more highly.
the act of taking of a person by force.
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
A woman is cutting garlic
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
A child is waking up
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
A man is petting two dogs
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
Some men are sawing
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
A small monkey is walking through water
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
A girl jumping in the grass.
become less interesting or attractive.
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
There is no girl playing the piano
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
the status of being a champion.
make up something artificial or untrue.
A small dog leaps in the water.
The white dog is running along the beach.
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A woman is ignoring a man
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
A man is cutting an onion
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
A girl dances on a stage.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
make the surface level or smooth
A woman is slicing herbs
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
Brown dog running on the beach.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
There is no man slicing potatoes
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
anything illusory, not concrete or real
cause to come into existence; create
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
to argue or plead in favor of
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
a change for the better.
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
Living room or den with large screen television.
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
A dog running through mucky ground.
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
Two dogs playing on the beach.
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
Black train idle on the tracks.
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
act or move at high speed.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
A woman is cutting tofu
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
pass time in a particular place or way
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
A woman is not slicing carrots
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
the act of making up your mind about something.
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
The piano player is being a tough man
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
A football player is wearing black armbands
There is no woman coating a pork chop
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
A person on a bmx bike.
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
A man is putting some food in a box
There is no person cutting an onion
A man is reading the email
A dog is running on a snowy path
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
an instance of halting some motion
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
A classroom is full of students
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
There is no man playing a piano
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
the state or fact of being an owner.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
Several sheep grazing in the field.
A group of cars parked on a hill
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
There is no tiger cub making a sound
make a causal or logical connection; group together
(cause to) move gently back and forth
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
A boy is playing a wind instrument
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
Two dogs are playing by a tree
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Someone is falling off a horse
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
cover with liquid before cooking.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
the state of being connected.
Two dogs playing by the shore.
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
The man is dancing
ride a motorcycle.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
An instance or action of being incorrect.
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
take measures in preparation for.
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
remove from a contest or race.
put in the mind of someone.
A little girl is smiling and running outside
The man is riding a horse by a creek
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
festive social event, celebration
A woman is riding on an elephant
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
to grow rapidly
A sheep standing in a forest.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
A group of people are in the water.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
A group of dogs racing.
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
an opinion formed by judging something.
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
an approximate attribute or quality of something
Two young children wearing sunglasses
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A man is naked and standing still
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A man with a hard hat is dancing
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A black dog lies on the grass.
stick out, jut out, protrude
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
the act of sucking.
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
The person is slicing the potato
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
A black dog is running through some water.
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
a party of people assembled for dancing.
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
Two white cows in a green pasture.
A young boy is riding a bike.
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
A man is strolling in the rain
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
There is no young child splashing in the water
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
two people who are married to each other.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
issue bonds on.
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
Two children are playing on a statue
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
a train rides on his tracks.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A man is idling on the floor
the act of describing something.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
a serving of a beverage
act of applying force
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
render one language in another language
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
A man walking a large black horse.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
A man is praying
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
A few men are playing cricket
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
the act of informing by verbal report.
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
A woman is cooking fish
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
An animal is barking at a ball
A big potato is knocking a green ball
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
learn by repetition.
an agent or company that insures something
A person is sitting on a mountain top
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
sway to and fro.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
A baseball player hitting the ball
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
give to a charity or good cause.
The potato is being peeled by a woman
A small dog is lying on a bed
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
A child is hitting a baseball
The woman is slicing herbs
A child rides a bike high in the air.
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
A musician is playing a keyboard
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
the act of hearing attentively.
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
The windows are being polished by a man
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
A journey for some purpose.
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
A man jumps off a rock into the water
A child goes skiing.
One small child is filling the cup with water
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
A married couple is walking down the aisle
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
A dog is sitting on the ground
Two dogs are resting on the beach
A tiger cub is roaring
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
make amorous or sexual advances toward
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
take into one's family.
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
A boy in a headband plays drums.
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
whip with or as if with a whisk
make undue claims to having.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
scoop up, as if with a ladle
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
A man and child in front of a billboard
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
adapt to a specified measurement.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
A man is rowing a canoe
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
There is no guy mowing the lawn
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
An electronic storage device.
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
possibility for the future
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
a style and size of typeset
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
Three men are jumping off a wall
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
The woman is cutting a carrot
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
an established or recognized right.
One man is sitting on the chair
A dog is licking a baby
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
Someone is slicing a tomato
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
handle effectively.
cover with wooden boards; secure
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
A truck is quickly going up a hill
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
A skier about to go down the mountain.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
create a mess or disorder
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
The person is writing with a pencil
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
open again, open anew
A white cat stands on the floor.
Two boys splashing in the surf.
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
A yellow dog in the snow.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
A cat is sitting on a piano
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
A flute is being put away by a girl
A woman is not cutting shrimps
be located at or on top of something
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
abrupt state of disbelief about something
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
A small white car parked at the gas station.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
A man is eating near the kittens
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
indicate a decision in regard to.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
keep from being seen or perceived by others
a statement, an idea expressed in language
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
person who is a social companion
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
The piano is being played by someone
A young girl is dancing
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
A man is jumping off a low wall
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
A man is not talking on the phone
cover the front or surface of.
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
A woman is chopping onions
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
hit a fly.
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
A young boy riding in a swing.
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
incite some act of insubordination
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
Child milking a cow outside.
A woman is cooking eggs
A woman is cutting a fish
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
persuade or achieve acceptance
signal by winking.
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
Two blond girls are playing together.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
A surfer is surfing a big wave
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
look furtively.
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
extend out or project in space.
talk in a tearful manner.
the act of pressing together firmly
Two children are playing flag football together.
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
A bride in a white dress is running
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
Train gliding on tracks.
the act of giving temporary assistance.
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
There is no woman tapping her fingers
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
Two men are not fighting
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
An aircraft is taking off
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
A person is planting a tree
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
the act of becoming more distant.
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
Woman at table busy with something.
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
the act of giving a speech
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
Two children are playing soccer in the park
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
A state of confusion or disorder.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A child is experiencing a new world
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
behave or move in a certain manner
Create an electrical short in something.
any accounting period of 12 months.
the center of an object.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
write all the required information
Two dogs standing in snow.
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
A person is wrapping up an onion
become pregnant; undergo conception.
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
There is no man playing flute
Five adults are sitting on a chair
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
Two dogs play in the snow.
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
The birds are swimming in the water.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
A dog running on the grass.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
the act of referring or consulting.
A white dog runs on a beach.
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
scrape or rub to relieve itching
A man is playing an instrument
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
become due
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
take someone's soul into heaven
Three children are running up hill
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
be or act in association with.
A brown dog running through the woods.
A side view of a horse's head.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
A brown dog is running through green grass.
a dog runs through the woods.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
The woman is not chopping garlic
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
bring in to consonance
move or change one's own position or quality
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
A woman is drying eggs
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
The man is not performing a large jump
Swimmers are racing in a lake
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
give a thrashing to, beat
the activity of supplying or providing something.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
The man is hiking in the woods
someone who takes photographs professionally.
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
Two dogs running on grass.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
Two young children are on sand.
A man is buttering a piece of bread
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
put up with something unpleasant
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
the act of projecting out from something.
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
Three children playing in snow.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
the act of ending something.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
There is no man thinking
A guy is not riding a horse
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
Football players are on the field.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
Four boys sit in the mud.
bring into being.
A man is not playing a flute
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
come up, as of liquid or gas
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
mock or make fun of playfully.
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
A man is not playing the guitar
the state of being angry.
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
prove or corroborate
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
the foremost part of something
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
get rid of as if by submerging.
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
show the form or outline of.
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
end
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
A group of children is playing tambourines
throw into great confusion or disorder.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
A close up view of a bottle of water.
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A man is doing exercises
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
Three dogs swim in the water.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
make a loud noise, as of animal.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
A group of sheep in a field.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
storage cabinet furniture
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
Make marks in the surface of.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
A boy is running on the beach
A song is being sung by a clown
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
A man rides a large black motorbike.
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
flow, as of liquids
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
make a certain noise or sound.
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
have a wish or desire to know something.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
take up someone's soul into heaven.
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
The girl is watering the plants
be in direct physical contact with
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
Two children are on a fairground ride.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
There is no woman cutting a potato
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
A kid is playing a guitar
A man with no shirt is holding a football
the act of stopping something.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
The car is being driven by a man
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
A hockey player during a game.
A child is making a snow ball
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
Give suck to; receive suck.
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
the money
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
Older woman holding newborn baby.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
an explanation or alibi for something
the state of being unsure of something.
A person is tearing sheets
A cow is eating hay
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
A piano isn't being played by a man
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
The man is standing next to a bird cage
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
There is no man speaking on a podium
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
a competitor most likely to win
There is no man standing next to a bus
sharpen with a strap.
A woman pointing at a geyser.
There is no man cutting a box
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
make more common, uniform or general
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
become inflated.
Black and white dog running outside.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
There is no man doing pull-ups
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
learn by reading books.
an image that is generated by a computer.
There is no man eating a pizza
A banana is being peeled by a person
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
Literally cause to become unable to see.
A person is chopping an onion
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
A toy train is hitting a toy car
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
A man is slicing a bun
The woman is not dicing garlic
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
the time yet to come.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
cause to regain consciousness.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
be a signal for or a symptom of.
A cat looking at the camera.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
how something is done or how it happens.
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
A pianist is playing the keyboard
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
A happy baby is laughing
coerce by violence or with threats.
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
Some men are resting
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
A man and a woman are silent
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A man is holding a frog
Two children are rolling in dirty water
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
Birds fly low over water.
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
A cute panda is lying down
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
making real or concrete
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
A man is standing on a sidewalk
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
A tiger is not walking around
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
A man practices boxing
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
The man is not playing a flute
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
There is no man playing guitar
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
A cat is eating some corn
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
the crown of a flowering plant
Two persons are shaking hands
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
A child playing in water.
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
A man blowing a large bubble.
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
A woman is firing a weapon
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
verify something by comparing to a standard
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
have or exploit a monopoly of.
Two dogs running in the woods.
the act of retaining something.
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
A brown horse in a green field.
A dog is running on the beach
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
A group of people playing football is running in the field
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
retreat or move from a position, relocate
pronounce with a nasal twang
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
The woman is eating
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
the finger next to the thumb.
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
A black cat is swinging on a fan
settle or deal with something
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
conscious subjective emotion or desire
return to a prior state
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
The horse is being ridden by the girl
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
put into or keep in a stall
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
There is no little girl playing the piano
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
The man is rising from a swamp
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
A man is untying a shoe
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
The state of being absent.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
be fully aware or cognizant of.
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
A dog running on the grass
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
The woman is dicing onions
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
Two children are shown upside down.
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
the act of lifting something
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
A girl is playing a flute
Two men talking in front of a plane.
A grey house with a red door.
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
turning or twisting around (in place).
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
There is no panda climbing
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
Two men are playing table tennis
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
A woman is playing a flute
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
work with a tool.
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
a unit cost of something
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
A skier is falling into the snow.
the rotating motion of an object
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
cause to become violent or angry.
Two women sheering a sheep.
A boy is blowing bubbles
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
fail to do something; leave something undone.
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
A person is playing a keyboard
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
move by turning over or rotating.
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
take apart into its constituent pieces.
cause to move faster.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
a sudden, brief burst of light
There is no man eating cereal
a black dog swimming through a river.
A playing device is amusing a cat
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
The horse is being ridden by a man
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
the act of providing incentive to someone
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
act of distributing
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
Two women walking down the street
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
A mountain is being climbed by two men
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
the price of a good or service
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
the activity of examining or assessing something
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
Two dogs run through the brush.
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
There is no man walking outside
a casual or unexpected convergence.
The silver train is parked in a station.
a physical difficulty or obstacle
Two dogs running through tall grass.
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
A classroom is empty
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
an aggregation of things or people
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
Two airplanes in the sky.
Three cows grazing in a field.
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
A man is playing baseball.
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
A television with a show on.
show to be invalid.
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
A woman is dancing gracefully
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
A woman is putting on makeup
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
The woman is peeling a potato
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
cause to turn on an axis or center.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
allow the passage of air through.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
A bird with it's wings spread
A boy running through surf on a beach.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
seal, insulate or protect
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
play on a string instrument with a bow.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
A dog is leaping through the grass.
remove from memory or existence.
A dog swims through the water.
Engrave by means of dots.
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
the act of breaking something.
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
A dog is barking
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
A bird flying in the air
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
A person is riding a horse
printed version of electronic data from a computer
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
prevent from entering; keep out.
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
A skateboarder in the city.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
A child in water.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
Mimes are performing on a stage
An onion is being chopped
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
Black bird standing on concrete.
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
Two buses parked on a street.
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
the act of intentionally omitting something
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
A young boy is jumping out of the water
find, determine the place of
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
Little girl jumping in water puddle
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
A woman is cutting a carrot
The man is putting away the bread
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
a verbal or written request for access to something.
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
assign to a specific task.
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
room where work or repairs are done
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
do better in a competition; win
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
draw advantages from.
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
the act of moving, turning something
process or manner of functioning or operating.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
the act of shoving something away
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
There is no man playing a harp
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
There is no man opening a box with a knife
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
administrator, one who controls resources
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
There is no man speaking on a stage
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
Some women are dancing
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
turn on or around an axis or a center.
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
study intensively as if preparing for a test
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
create an edge or border
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
emit a brief burst of light.
remove shells or husks from.
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
A dog is running up a grassy hill
a social occasion, often official or formal
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
A man is walking in a city street
A young man is talking to a leaf
A woman is deboning a fish
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
A young boy is jumping into water
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
People are singing and a clown is dancing
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
formally announce the termination of an agreement
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
A concentrated woman is playing flute
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
A dog leaps over a barrier.
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
take action or behave in a certain way
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
A cat is swinging on a fan
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
Four people are floating on a raft
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
A kid is playing guitar
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
Three children playing in sand at beach
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
A cook is coating a pork chop
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
prove to be false or incorrect.
A brown dog running through grass.
make invalid for use.
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
define; determine essential qualities of
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
The man is not playing the guitar
A bike jumps through the air.
put or introduce into something.
The boy is playing a guitar
maintain, assert, or claim
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
The players is maneuvering for the ball
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
A black and white dog runs through grass.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
There is no dog racing on a track
A man is jumping a wall
manner of handling, managing someone or something
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
Boat sails in rough water.
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
remove by pinching or snipping
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
bend into the shape of a crank.
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
A person is diving into clear blue water.
Someone is folding a piece of paper
join or attach with or as if with glue.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
the state of being in contact
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
make high-pitched sounds.
A woman is cutting shrimps
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
A man is talking to a woman
A little boy is playing a guitar
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
Nobody is playing with a toad
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
contribute to the progress or growth of.
Young boys running along the pavement.
A small boy playing in the snow.
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A man is cutting a bun
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
A man is playing the instrument
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Three children stand on or near a fence.
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
government income due to taxation.
giving a reference or citation of something
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
One herd of deer is crossing the street
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
surround completely.
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
A person is peeling an onion
have or contain a certain wording or form.
An email is being read by a man
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
A sports team poses on the field.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
A tiger is walking around
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
A bunch of people is on the shore
There is no surfer riding the wave
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
The man is lifting weights
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
A man is playing with water
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
A black and white dog is running outdoors
determine the essential quality of.
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
A man is fishing in the river
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
serve as the inciting cause of.
A woman is firing a rifle
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
There is no lemur eating
some situation or event that is thought about.
a dog pounces on the grass.
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
The person is in the snowy mountains.
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
A monkey is practicing martial arts
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
A few people are singing
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
A man is taking pictures of a lake
The deer is jumping over the fence
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
start abruptly.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
Carrots are being grated by a woman
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
A man is dancing on the ceiling
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
have unlawful sex with a whore.
act of becoming distant, moving away from
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
There is no man massaging a woman
the act of spending, disbursing funds
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
The guitar player is loving one girl
A boy waves around a sparkler.
A man is speaking on a stage
A man playing a video game in a store.
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
The runners are racing around a track
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
refer for judgment or consideration.
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
A man is driving a vehicle
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
The crowd is not watching a football game
There is no man playing soccer
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
thread on or as if on a string.
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
A skier skiing down a large mountain
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
cancel, reverse, annul
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
A chef is discarding some food
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
A dog is looking at something near the water.
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
Two black dogs in the snow.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
The black dog is climbing on a rock
A person is folding a tortilla
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
A potato is being sliced by the man
A dog runs on brown grass.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
A sheep standing near her children.
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
A boy and a dog running on grass
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
a sharp side of an object
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
An old man is sitting in a field
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
The man is drawing a gun
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
Create a coating for something.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
The appropriate or desirable thing.
Some kids play in a field.
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
bring into general popular/common use
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A jet is flying
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
The woman is not slicing an onion
Some people are playing cricket
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
A dog is running through some water.
Boy laying on couch with dog.
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
The meat is being dropped into a pan
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
A cat standing on tree branches.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
A young kid is jumping into water
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
Two dogs play in the snow
play a stringed instrument with a bow
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
A person is slicing a potato
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
A girl is not playing the guitar
a dog runs across the path.
Two people are riding a motorcycle
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
the state of being controlled or governed.
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
(cause to) be overlaid with something
The state of being suspected.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
A person on a snowmobile.
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
There is no man diving off a cliff
require or need something that is missing
A woman is riding a water scooter
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
approach a certain age or speed.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
A little girl is running.
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
People sitting on a couch laugh.
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
A girl is tapping her fingernails
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
An animal is looking around
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
cause to appear in a new form.
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
a part of a forked or branching shape.
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
People riding something in the snow.
A baseball player throws the ball.
A man is speaking on a podium
A monkey is wading through a river
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
remove from a position or office.
a name given to a product or service.
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
A large black and white cow in a field.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
Two children jump on a trampoline.
A man is carelessly holding a frog
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
The man is riding a horse by a stream
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
cause to go into a solution.
A close-up of a black train engine.
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
make up something fictional or untrue
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
A person is combing the fur of a cat
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
The men are not climbing a mountain
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
A guy is riding a horse
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
A group of men is fighting
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A person is not holding a skunk
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
loss of ability to function normally.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
make or become thick
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
sound with resonance.
the last (12th) month of the year.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
the role of the head of a government department.
Nobody is feeding an animal
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
A picture is being drawn by a man
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
A dog running fast in the sand.
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
a group of people appointed to a committee
The crowd is watching the football at the game
There is no man playing a keyboard
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
restate (words) from one language into another language.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
A man is folding a tortilla
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
state of being active
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
A young couple is sleeping in bed
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
the state of being in effect or being operative.
The man is not cutting a paper plate
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
A large white bird flying over water.
the end or completion of something.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
an address used for postal communication
A black and white dog is running through the field.
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
a dog plays in the snow.
A woman is playing the drums
A young girl running on the beach.
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
a channel for communication between groups.
alternative names for the body of a human being.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
A woman picking up a large rock.
The man is cooking slices of potato
stretch out or over completely
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
be on base at the end of an inning
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
A man is eating a fruit
return in thought or speech to something.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
A boy is playing a guitar
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
(cause to) happen at a later time
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
a boy plays in the fountains.
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
An officer is talking to the soldiers
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
A woman is putting make-up on
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
A woman is riding a Seadoo
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
the act of choosing, picking one among many
Two children jumping into a body of water.
Children play fight with swords.
The dog is being walked by the woman
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
Five birds stand on the snow.
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
A child going down an inflatable slide.
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
The woman is slicing an onion
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
A white dog running over a bridge.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
lowest employee salary permitted by law
move (as if) by lowering
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
make a hole with a pointed tool
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
cause to be firmly attached.
carry out or perform an action.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
piece (something old) with a new part.
Grass is being mowed by a man
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
A man is untying a rope
A dog leaping over a chain.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Someone is holding a small animal
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
A man is massaging a woman
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
The animal with big eyes is eating
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
A truck is quickly going down a hill
A child is smashing a snow ball
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A few people are dancing
An onion is being sliced
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
A woman is painting a man's face
be opposite.
an attempt to get something.
The man is cutting a paper plate
Two dogs play with purple football.
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
A child and parent pet a horse.
A guitar is being played by a woman
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A mental state of sadness.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
The woman is drawing a man
A group of young women stand together.
A man is spitting
Man and child skiing.
A dog catching a ball.
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
Two boys are playing flag football.
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
The doctors are reviving a man
sharpen a razor with a strap
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
There is no dog riding a skateboard
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
employ or become employed in a position
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
argue or speak in defense of.
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
A little boy is in a tire
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
A dog in in a car.
A subway train pulling into the station.
A dog shaking off water.
A man is arranging the garden
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A person is folding a piece of paper
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
A tan dog is running through the snow
abstain from eating.
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
to make ready, fit out
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
A man is mixing
A brown dog is running along a beach.
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
People are sitting at tables in a red room
A man is passionately playing the guitar
A dog is not running towards a ball
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
give certain properties to something.
move with a thrashing motion.
a young girl wearing purple running through water
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
the state of being rejected.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
Turn the paddle or oar.
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
act against or in opposition to.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
An animal is running tiredly in circles
a problem, something wrong
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
indistinct vocal articulations
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
There is no dog licking a baby
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
A man is slowly dancing on the road
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
An area that is central within some larger region.
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
the act of pulling a load
There is no man speaking
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
the last section of a communication.
the state of being depleted.
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
Two white dogs are running together.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
the state of being in working order
Someone is stirring food in the water
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
give surety or assume responsibility.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
the general activity of selling.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
strike as if by whipping.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
A large pile of scrap wood.
A young child is splashing in the water
to make a great mental or physical effort
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
give new life or energy to.
The woman is putting make-up on
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
A man is riding a horse on the beach
remove substances from a liquid or solution
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
A woman is cutting broccoli
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
A white Jeep parked on a street.
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
feel physical pain.
There are no children playing and waiting
A person is holding a frog
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
Touch with the lips.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A dog runs in the snow.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
A dog leaps over a fence.
Three men posing in a tent.
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
There are no men fighting
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
Some food is being fried by a woman
A man is carefully climbing a rope
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
Two dog play in the snow.
The friends are making faces for the camera
run at a moderately swift pace.
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
cause to grow thin or weak.
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
There is no water being drunk by a cat
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
The person is standing on white ice
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
the act or means of getting rid of something.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
A man is riding a horse in the desert
start to burn or burst into flames.
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
Three people in a glass structure.
A train is at a train station.
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
drag loosely along a surface, trail
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
A bird is resting its wings in the water
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
Hay is being eaten by a cow
a man dressed in a batman costume.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
Two dogs are running together outside.
Weights are being lifted by the man
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
Red double decker bus.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
There is no woman playing the violin
a change which is a decrease
gain points in a game.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
A person is slicing a piece of bread
the quality of being of practical use.
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
Red and white plane flying through the air.
a social gesture of deferential greeting
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
imagine; form a mental picture of something
A woman leading a white horse.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
A person is singing and playing the guitar
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
examine minutely.
the act of colliding with something.
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
A man and a woman are walking nicely
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
A dog is playing in the green field
A mostly black train on a track.
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
A girl is playing a guitar
The onion is being cut by the man
a computer-generated visual image
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
come back after being refused.
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
A black man and his dog on the beach.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
use up the whole supply of.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
issue bonds on something
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
class of students taught together
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
A cow is not eating hay
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
A white plane on the runway.
A man is cutting a lemon
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
The study subject is a camera man
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
Racers are running down a track
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
the event of something ending.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
There is no man playing a game on the grass
put a new heel on.
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
Two baby pandas are sleeping
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
A large boat on the sea.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
There is no woman slicing a potato
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
position or location change
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
The woman is putting away a flute
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
the way something conforms to a shape
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
A person is playing a trumpet
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
A soccer player is missing a goal
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
to put down by force or authority.
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
obtain or provide money for.
Two men are fighting
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
A person is writing
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
A soccer player is scoring a goal
Improve by pruning or polishing
A golden retriever is not running
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
make pure or free from sin
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
clear mucus from one's throat
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
place or put on the ground.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
A woman is not chopping garlic
The crowd is watching a football game
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
A band is playing onstage
cause to be hanging or suspended.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
the act of grasping into one's arms
The two boys play in the field.
A dog jogs through the grass.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
give suck to.
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
A woman is standing near three children
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
set forth as an introduction or preface
A woman is cleaning a man's face
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
provide with a new seat.
Two people are walking by the ocean.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
give an interpretation or rendition of.
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
the act of putting something somewhere.
Child holding an object that is on fire.
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
the public submission of a legal record
The dogs are running through the yard.
A few men in a competition are running outside
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
Two people are looking at a gold statue
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
meshed frame over windows and doors
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
A man is doing physical activity
A baby is crying
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
the opening page of a web site.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
A man is parking a motorbike
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A black dog is jumping out of water.
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
A young couple is lying on a bed together
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A brown and white dog running on grass.
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
The piece of paper is not being cut
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
provide with rails.
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
The men are talking
The state of being pleased with life.
beat severely with a whip or rod.
prepare for/put to action or use
A woman is walking with a red bag.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
A man is playing a trumpet
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
A man is playing two keyboards
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
A lady is being kissed by a man
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
A man is reloading a shotgun
Paper is being cut with scissors
A black dog is running in the grass
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
A man is getting off the motorcycle
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
make a written note of.
A dog runs through the deep snow.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
A lemur is eating quickly
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
A woman is walking off a stage
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
Somebody is cutting a tomato
A little girl is shoveling snow.
the act of creating an artistic work
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
Two people are sitting on a white bench
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
A baby is cheering another baby
Three dogs run through a field.
Two groups of people are playing football
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
A little girl is selling a scooter
A white dog walking in the snow.
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
A chef is preparing a meal
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
the act of catching an object with the hands.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
the act of allowing, bestowing something
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
A dog running across the sand
A girls is jumping in the sand.
A man is carrying a woman
the state of being excommunicated.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
sniff or smell inquiringly.
There is no woman frying something
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
A person is rinsing a steak with water
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
A young couple is not lying in bed
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
the state of being covered with unclean things.
There is no woman exercising
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
act of constructing
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
Man sleeping on the street.
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
A large boat in the water at the marina.
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
utter with force; utter vehemently.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
The dog plays in the park.
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
The woman is dancing
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
make impure.
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
A man is running
mean or intend to express or convey.
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
A man is diving into a pool
A blond girl waves while she is riding
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
a group of people living together in a camp.
Two dogs running on the shore.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
Three dogs running through the snow.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A man is tying a shoe
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
the event of gradually vanishing from view
Two boys playing in water.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
A brown dog in running on grass.
actors in a play
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
be the culminating event.
be against, resist
travel in front of, be first, precede
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
make more complex or intricate
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
A man is having lunch
A black and white dog is running through grass.
A woman is cutting onions
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
remove the pod, husk or shell
A woman is slicing an eggplant
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
There is no woman playing a guitar
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
A pizza is being eaten by a man
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
The man is up in the air.
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
Someone is not reading the email
A woman is sitting in the water.
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
A girl wading through water in a lake.
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
The man is a guitar player
Two people are sitting on a bench
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
the day before today
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
There is no man riding a motorcycle
The child is playing with toys indoors
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
a section of a composition, textual or musical
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
Admit to testing/proof
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
A man is walking down a road
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
The man is doing exercises
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
(cause to) return after being refused
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
A man practicing boxing
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
The white dog is running in the green grass.
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
form an impenetrable cover over.
become or make oneself fresh again.
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
Okra is being cooked in a pan
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
A child swinging on a playground play set.
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
A woman is watching the lake
protect or fight for as a champion.
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
take or have a position relative to others.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
Two dogs running along dirt path.
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
A person is eating in a restaurant
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Two people in two chairs are reading
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
create by putting components or members together.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
The patient is helping the doctor
hold in a tight grasp.
A man is playing a bamboo flute
A woman is slicing tofu
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
a reproduction or physical representation of something
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
A small white cat standing in a sink.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
make a mark or lines on a surface.
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
arrange or order by classes or categories.
People ride up an escalator.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
a portion or percentage of a whole
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
line, cover
A man is cutting a box
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
Two dogs run through the grass.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
A man is planting a tree
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
examine minutely; search diligently
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
A girl is drawing a man
The kid is sliding in the snow
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
go on a campaign; go off to war.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
An exciting or stimulating experience.
appoint to clerical posts
the act of entering a structure
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
make something more diverse or varied
Two cats are looking at a window.
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Someone is putting away a keyboard
The monkey is brushing the dog
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
a disagreement or argument about something important.
A dog running through the woods.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
feel hot or painful, as if burning
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
A man is singing into a microphone
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
recover, return to former state
Start abruptly, ignite
a single serving of a beverage.
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
acknowledge a contribution or cause
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
A brown dog in a field.
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
Three men are dancing
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
People are riding and paddling a raft
the state of being retained
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
write as if with print; not cursive.
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
A large green ball is hitting a potato
insert or close with a plug
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
A dog in a car.
enter a realm, become involved with
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
Some racers are running down a track
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
time during which some action is awaited.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
a quantity of money added to a bank account
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
to ignite or catch on fire
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
This dog is jumping through the water.
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
the condition of being motivated.
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
A keyboard is being played by a man
the rescue or release of someone, something
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
A toddler is sitting in a seat
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
Trains inside an indoor station.
to cause to become quiet
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
rounded end of a bone
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
move from one place to another.
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
Black train on train tracks.
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
Physically raise from a lower position.
A girl is jumping.
A man is opening a box with a knife
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
billow up in the form of a cloud.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
There is no puppy rolling
A group of people are walking
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
a sculpture of a human or animal
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
A man is eating a banana
A woman is being measured by another woman
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
carry out or complete an activity
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
A multi-colored train on a track.
A blond girl is riding the waves
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
go around the rim of
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
Two smiling women holding a baby.
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
A woman is brushing her feet
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
person who manages money in board games
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
throw quickly.
Funeral direction
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
A animal is grazing in a field
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
The woman is skating in the park.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
Two dogs standing in a lake.
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
one fourth of a year
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
Red and white bus driving down road.
One man is playing the guitar
a dog runs across the land.
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
A little white dog running through the sand.
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
an event that causes someone to die.
A tiger is walking around with no aim
Nobody is playing ping pong
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
be in some specified state or condition.
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
Somebody is playing the piano
the act of forcing out someone or something.
A yellow boat on shore.
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
A person is wiping butter on a tray
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
A baby is toddling happily
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
A man is cutting a potato
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
continue to live, exist, or prosper
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
A dog is rolling from side to side
Three women are resting in a village
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
a dog stands in the white snow.
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
the introductory section of a story.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
The man is doing floor exercises
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
A man is slicing bread
A woman is arranging her hair
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
luggage compartment of a car
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
accounting period of 12 months
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
the actors in a play.
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
Two men are holding fishing poles
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
give a performance (of something).
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
remove from a place or from office
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
The men are fist fighting in a ring
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
A sea turtle is hunting for food
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
A man is playing a keyboard
Small dog chews on a big stick.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
Two dogs running in the dirt
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
A man is boiling noodles in water
Cause to move forward with force.
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
A man and woman are talking
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
the ability to recall past occurrences.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
The panda bear is resting on the logs
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
Two women are talking
The woman is removing make-up
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
force to go away by blinking.
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A man is rinsing a large steak
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
The man is silent and still
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
A woman is slicing a potato
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
Close up of a bottle of water.
People are sitting against a wall
leave or give by will after one's death.
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
a problem.
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
Two cars are racing down the track
The woman is not dancing
activity of selling
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
A dog is standing on a mountain
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
A man is stopping a horse
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
the act of granting rights.
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
mark or cover with or as if with dots
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
the amount that can be contained.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
move to a new location, state, or situation
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
Some dogs are playing in a stream
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
a dog runs through the water.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
A small cat is lying on a bed
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A piano is being played by a person
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
There is no woman cutting broccoli
There is no lady cutting up some meat
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
Someone is peeling a banana
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
The black dog is running through the snow.
Four children on stools in a diner.
The act of beginning something new.
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
the act of escaping physically.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
perform or supervise a ritual
Two girls walking in the ocean.
recite as a chant, intone
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
a disease of the heart.
A young man is sitting on a bench
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
A puppy running along a street.
The red bus is on the street.
connect with; reach a target or goal
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
adhering to moral principles.
Small office space with bright green walls.
A baby is playing with a doll
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
cost or monetary value of goods or services
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
Three children in a ball pit.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
fertilize and cause to grow.
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
Nobody is slicing a tomato
furnish with spars.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
contain or hold; have within.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
Two men are taking a break from construction
A lemur is eating
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
the general impression or appearance of something
A tiger is walking around a cage
the act of putting something to use.
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
destruction of a ship
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
The man isn't doing a magic trick
Three people are driving ATVs
(Literally) sound with resonance.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
Nobody is playing the guitar
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
a stronghold.
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
The man is putting chicken into the container
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
The man is jumping into the water.
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
A person is chopping a red onion
make underscoring marks.
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
A lady is cutting up some meat
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
preserve with sugar.
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
state of being unclothed, naked
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
An airplane is taking off
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
A woman is slicing a vegetable
cast off, get rid of something
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
become quiet or still; fall silent.
The boy is studying a calendar
Dogs are running on a track
the act of testing something.
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
have a strong sexual attraction to
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
A field of black faced sheep.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
Two dogs are running through the park
There is no man riding a horse
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
make reference to.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
a strong current of air.
The intense man is a guitar player
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
Limit in quantity or quality.
A brown dog plays in the snow.
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
Three young girls are dancing in the room
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
the state of owing something (especially money).
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
Two white dogs running in the snow.
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
Men are sawing
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
The military officer is barking at the recruits
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
A woman is slicing a cucumber
A man is singing into an old microphone
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
save or relieve from an experience or action.
a person who plants or detonates explosives
A black poodle plays in the snow.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
Cars driving near a model building.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
A man dances on a colorful wall.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
physically inflate
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
The animal is grazing on the grass
A child rolls around in a large tire.
The man is denying an interview
A black dog is standing in deep water
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
A dog digging in the sand.
something that is made real or concrete.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
A dog running in the surf.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
Two dogs are running on the grass.
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
A small white dog is running across a lawn
a dog jumps into the water.
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
Remove tree stumps from an area.
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
The women are not singing and dancing
separate with or as if with an instrument.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
the political head of city government
People and camels at a beach.
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
Two dogs play in the water.
a written message of nonacceptance
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
the concluding section of a communication
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
make less hostile; win over.
A man is strumming a guitar
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
A person is buttering a tray
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
A group of people are dancing
make sense of, give meaning to
burst into flames (telic)
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
A group of people is near the ocean
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
A group of people is near the sea
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
A boy is sitting on the ground
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
exercise or have power of memory
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
The baby is not laughing and crawling
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
An officer is listening to the recruits
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
A man is playing the piano
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
A golden dog is running on the grass.
A man is crouching and holding a camera
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
A man is talking on a cell phone
The deer is jumping over the low fence
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
Different teams are resting on a field
The man is speaking on the telephone
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
The man is practicing the guitar
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
assign a new time and place for an event.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
A small dog is lying on the bed
The boy is spraying the plants with water
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
A woman is not boiling shrimps
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
Someone is playing the guitar
A person is not frying meat in a pan
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
A person is brushing a cat
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
a brown and white dog swimming in water
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
Two dogs playing on carpet.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
revolve
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
A brown dog shaking its head.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
Two young women sit by a fountain.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
create and charge with a task or function.
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
A girl in white is dancing
cause to become alive again.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
There is no woman slicing a tomato
the introductory portion of a story
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
A person is folding a sheet
Produce a phonemic click.
Two women in a sailboat.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
A biker is riding away from a fence
A man is sharpening a knife
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
A child holds a yellow balloon.
A dog is lying on a trampoline
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
apply a plaster cast to.
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
Four dogs splashing in the water
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
A dog is catching a black frisbee
a retail store with merchandise for sale
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
One man is chopping a log with an axe
A clown is singing
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
bubble over with a certain feeling
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
a formal association of people with similar interests.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
make hard or harder.
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
A woman is cutting a potato
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
A man and a woman are eating
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
The man is riding a horse
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
The dog is licking a bottle
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
An onion is being sliced by a man
A woman is riding her bicycle.
A red, double-decker bus.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
the act of leading or guiding others
The oil is being stirred by a man
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
make colder, or icy, using ice
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A large white crane is flying far above the water
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
(Cause to) be covered with something.
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
A man is praying fervently
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
a man running track
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
A woman is coating a pork chop
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
put or set into, between or among
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
the act of applying force suddenly.
A man is climbing a rope
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
A man with a shirt is holding a football
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
The man is slicing some potatoes
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
give structure to
Two men in a running contest.
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
A man is punching a soccer ball
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
A man is standing on a roof
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
have an argument about something.
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
give a neat appearance to.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
take or capture by force or authority
A person is cutting an onion
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
A black train moves down the tracks.
furnish with a guideline
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
impress or affect deeply.
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
a small, indefinite portion of something
A man is opening a door
A pencil is being sharpened
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
the armed forces
women's sleeveless undergarment
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
A man is shaking a drink
Rugby players are tackling each other
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
make something more diverse and varied.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
A young boy is running a race.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
a partial denture
feel the need to eat.
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
a specified portion of a whole
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
A person is slicing an onion
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
(cause to) survive
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
cover or swamp with water.
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
a computer program that performs system support
go on a campaign or off to war
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
the trait of being well behaved.
A woman is putting on lipstick
A bird flies across the water.
Two people are riding motorbikes
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
One man is turning off the microwave
The potato is being peeled by the lady
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
behave in a certain manner.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
incite action, cause an event
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
Two men are swimming in deep water
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
Rugby players are not tackling each other
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
A black dog is running along the beach.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
two dogs running in grass
Nobody is riding a bike
the fashionable elite.
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
The man is being knocked off of a horse
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
an indication of damage.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
A person is not chopping an onion
The man is eating cereal
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
fool or hoax.
A girl is communicating with sign language
move very slightly.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
A man is emptying a plastic container
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
Paper and scissors both cut
A white dog jumps into a pool.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
A dog playing in the snow.
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
the central area of an object
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
give up what is not strictly needed.
Young baby girl sitting on table.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
Dalmation running along the beach.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
move forward by leaps and bounds.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
The man is rock climbing
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
the act of throwing a baseball
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
tag the base runner to get him out.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
travel across or pass over.
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
A snow slide is full of kids
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
A man is singing passionately
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
A woman is shooting at target practice
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
A person skis down a snowy hill.
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
A man is walking in the rain
A man is getting into a car in a garage
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
refrain from doing something.
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
become broader or wider or more extensive.
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
the act of suction
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
There is no dog looking around
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
Write a computer programme.
start suddenly, as if from fright
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
consider again, usually with a view to changing
A man is moving gracefully
turn on an axis; spin
There is no man slicing a tomato
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
a large room
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
strike the air in flight.
A boy is happily playing the piano
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
A dog jumps off the stairs.
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
A person is spreading butter on a tray
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
A group of people is on a mountain
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
The seagull is floating on the water.
run around the rim of.
There is no lady peeling the potato
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
smell by inhaling through the nose
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
The person is boiling noodles
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
A dog jumps of a surfboard
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
Two older men in front of a bus.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
Sign language is being used by a young girl
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
The man is granting an interview
Fool or hoax (someone).
A lion is slowly walking
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
a momentary brightness.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
A quantity of something
The surfer is in the wave.
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
The man is eating
have a logical result
There is no dog chasing a ball
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
the territory occupied by a nation.
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
A man is packing the guitar
Bring back to life, return from the dead
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
fix or set securely or deeply.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
forbid, prohibit
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
Close-up of a hummingbird.
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
Two men are standing in the ocean
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
be or play a part of or in.
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
decorate a manuscript with red
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
a short section of a musical composition.
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
shoot down, of birds.
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
fail to attend to.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
a native of ancient Troy.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
A squirrel is running in circles
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
The black and white dog is running outdoors
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A baby is playing with a dog 
create an image or likeness of.
the act of mixing together.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
A man is cracking eggs
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
A football player kicks the ball.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
discipline in personal and social activities.
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
A machine is sharpening a knife
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
a pair of people who live together.
make unfit or unsuitable.
A plane in the sky.
A girl playing on a parachute.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
cause to turn from one course or use to another
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
fail or suffer failure
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
The dog is catching a blue ball
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
an established line of travel or access.
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
A man is getting into an automobile
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
the act of decreasing something markedly.
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
A woman is chopping broccoli
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
The dog is running through the wet sand
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
A man is slicing an onion
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
Five people on a sidewalk.
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
A small boy is standing in the forest
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
Two females jump off of swings.
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
advance warning or notification of something
The women are not dancing outside
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
A piano is being played by a man
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
A black dog asleep in a car.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
A squirrel is lying down
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
a man sits on a rock.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
go to see for professional or business reasons.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A shirtless man rock climbs.
a creased or bent form
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
A lemur is biting a person's finger
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
A person is coming out of the water
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
refrain from harming.
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
Men are running a race
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
the act of designating or identifying something.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
Two ducks are standing by the water.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
A boy is staring at a calendar
A fearful little boy is on the ground
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
a caress with the lips
Three dogs run in the snow.
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
serve as a means of expressing something.
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
secondary public school, grades 9-12
a jockey riding a horse.
A man in a hat is playing a harp
A boy plays baseball.
The woman is walking the dog
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
A bride with a black veil is looking down
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
decide a specific time for an event
Two dogs groom each other.
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
A man is eating a pizza
The child is silent
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
rehearse, learn by repetition
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
the act of swallowing.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
A dog is near the red ball in the air
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
A man is drawing some figures
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
A dog is walking away from a baby
Two dogs are running through a green yard
a visual representation of something.
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
There is no man reading the email
Remove by rubbing
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
be a factor or play a role in something
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
A dog runs through a field.
The woman is not slicing herbs
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
communicate with a hiss
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
A few men are watching cricket
A boy is mowing the lawn
arrangement
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
unrestricted freedom to use.
A woman is combing her hair
Some kids are playing on a playground
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
A man is freeing a fish
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
A person is riding a bike
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
One girl is jumping on the car
draw a cross in the air over something
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
A lion is slowly moving around
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
A woman is slicing garlic
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
The person is not going into the water
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
be tantamount or equivalent to.
A bike is being ridden by a person
run or move very quickly or hastily.
A few animals are out of the water
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
The dog is running on grass.
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
A married couple is walking up the aisle
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
Three children are running down hill
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
The woman is playing a flute
The piano is being played by a man
A fish is swimming
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
A deer jumps a fence.
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
Some runners are competing in a race
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
the act of raising something.
Two women posing with a baby.
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
A child with his hands on his head.
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
A dog is running on the sea shore
become liquid or fluid when heated.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
A man is standing in front of a wall
A deer jumping over a fence.
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
fix to; attach.
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
A man climbing a cliff face.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
One man is dancing
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
A horse is being ridden by a girl
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
The dog is running through a field.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
A girl in a band is playing the flute
A black and a yellow dog
The person is playing with a skull
A child and two dogs play in the water.
lumber used in the construction of something.
make or become brighter or lighter
A black and white photo of an old train station.
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
to act as the host of
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
An onion is being cut by a man
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
the act of passing something to another person.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
a way or means to achieve something.
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
A dog jumps over a chain.
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
a concentrated example of something.
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
a major branch of a tree
Two men step off the bus together.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
A boy looking at a computer screen.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
the general outward appearance of something.
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
raise to a higher energy level.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
Provide with rails, as by laying.
hold or place in equilibrium
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
(cause to) meet or intersect
Child sliding in the snow.
develop in a positive way.
A man is cutting a slice of bread
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
A man and a woman kiss.
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
an exclusive group of people.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
a boat floats in the water.
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
A person is standing on a mountain top
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
send from one person or place to another.
A young man is running away from the fishing line
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
A woman is washing her feet
A person is reading the email
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
A man is drawing on a board
A woman is not cutting tofu
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
the alleviation of distress
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
money in the form of bills or coins.
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
Guitar is being played by two men
become hard or harder.
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
A man is doing a trick on a bike
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
rise to surface; become visible or known
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
Two women in a clothing store.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
Yellow boat on a beach.
The lady is slicing a tomato
Three young women standing in a room together.
An old man sitting down watching something.
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
A person is eating at a table
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
Two dogs are playing on a beach
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
Gray cat looking out the window.
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
become unfit for consumption or use.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
the status or fact of being elected.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
shoot down birds
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
A flute is being played by a man
A man is cleaning the sink
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
A brown dog squating on grass.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
cause to be immersed in
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
The machine is not shaving a pencil
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
A woman is deep frying food
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
The guitar is being played by nobody
A woman with her child.
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
Two teams are competing in a football match
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
Move oneself very fast.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
the primary component of a communication
The cat is playing with a watermelon
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
A man is dancing
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
The deer is not jumping over the fence
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
A woman is cutting some flowers
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
a constructed underground passageway
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
move from one location to another
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
hunt or shoot snipe.
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
a small dog steps onto a log.
Some people are walking
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
Make or create something for a specific function.
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
react to in a certain way.
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
The big white dog is running in the grass.
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
place limits on (extent or access).
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
a way of conceiving something.
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
A woman is playing flute
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
A white puppy is biting a pole
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
A young female is dancing
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
the act of providing help or aid to someone
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
a computer on the floor.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
A man is playing a large flute
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Many people run in a race on a street.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
the upper part of anything.
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
A man is slicing a potato
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
an arrangement scheme.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
A person is singing and playing a guitar
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
A paper plate is being cut by a man
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
starting page of a website
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
an indicator that orients you generally.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
The lady is peeling the potato
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
The lady is dicing onions
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
a concern or affair
A man is riding the animal
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
The turtle is following the fish
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
There is no person buttering a tray
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
the place within which an authority has power
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
A living room with a dining table in the background.
People in costumes are walking around in the street
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
A man is carrying a tree
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
A blue train in a mountainous area.
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
The woman is looking at the view of a city
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
lessen in force, impact, or effect
There is no dog leaping in the air
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
the act of advocating or promoting something
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
facility for secure storage of things, often money
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
A man is putting down the flute
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
Two people sitting on a dock.
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
Garlic is being diced by the woman
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
secrete or form water
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
The group of Asian girls are standing together
There is no man cutting onions
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
give a neat appearance to, neaten
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
hunt with hawks.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
A brown dog wades in the water.
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
an actor who plays a principal role.
A baby is playing with a toy
a formation of people or things one beside another.
two dogs play in the grass.
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
shine intensely, as if with heat.
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
a demanding or stimulating situation.
The dogs are running through the water
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
a supplementary part or accessory.
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
cause to happen or be responsible for.
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
the height of the sea's surface
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
a lid or top of a container
A man in a hat is walking through a store
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
Assign a new time for an event
cause to move, cause to be moved
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
Some food is being prepared by a chef
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
let or cause to fall in drops.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
the act of designating a role to someone
show devotion to (a deity).
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
free (from restraint), let loose
A man is getting a garage for the car
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Three dogs walking in the grass.
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
The man is pacing around a room
The flute is being played by a woman
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
hold, contain within
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
the selection of a lottery winner
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
A tiger is strolling around
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
A chef is preparing some food
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
A surfer is surfing a small wave
a rationale or reason for something
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
The person is playing the flute
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
act of moving or conveying something
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
A man is rowing a boat
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
A black dog jumps through the water.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
The man is fasting
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
Two dogs on the beach.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
Two children are not playing in the surf
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
state of being under control
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
where you live at a particular time.
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
a spoken or written reply to a question
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
A photographer is being surrounded by men
a computer server
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
Black dog running very fast.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
Someone is cutting a tomato
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
Cook in cream or using cream.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
A man is disassembling the drum
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
The blue train is at the station.
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
confine in or as if in a prison
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
Brown dog running on grass.
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
Two dogs running through a field.
There is no man writing a note near a bike
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
The cows feed in the trough.
A man is leading the race
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
The man is playing the instrument
a white dog is running through the snow.
pass over, across, or through.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
a group of young men sing out together.
A woman is parking a Seadoo
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
A man is playing an electric guitar
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
a group of skiers going up a mountain
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
provide housing for.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
A man is climbing up a rope
a chance to do something.
a distinctive style of clothing
A woman is slicing carrots
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
The band is singing 
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
There is no man playing a guitar
do over, make new
the physical position of something.
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
Two trains inside a train station.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
give a detailed account of
Change one for another
A prawn is being cut by a woman
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
A man is chopping butter into a small container
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
A brown dog is sitting down
A horse is being ridden by a man
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
A girl is brushing her hair
the act of terminating a life.
A dog is running on the road
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
remove to or from a place or situation
face and withstand with courage.
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
A white dog running through the snow
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
make the surface of level or smooth.
A dog runs through the snow.
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
the extreme endpoint of something
The men are playing with a ball
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
group of people defined by a specific profession
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
a casual, brief meeting with someone
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
The man is going into the lake
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
make or be a summary
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
There is no dog running with a volleyball
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
A black dog, running on grass.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
The person is riding the horse
The cop is sitting on a police bike
A group of people having a drink.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
persuade somebody to accept something.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
issue an order.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
the relation of comprising something.
A dog running in the grass.
A girl is playing the guitar
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
A dog and cat laying down together.
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
A girl is exercising
Two people are sailing a small boat.
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
the ground level of a multi-storied building
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
A man is making a bed
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
take apart into constituent pieces
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
move or establish in a new location.
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
There is no paper being cut with scissors
physical matter left behind after a removal process
Two people diving into a body of water.
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
A man juggles at the beach.
Three friends are making faces for a photo
A deer is jumping over a wall
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
the act of attaching or affixing something.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
A girl sits on a red play structure
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
A person is unfolding a tortilla
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
A big fish is catching a man
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
(the content of) a communication.
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
the act of examining resemblances.
Someone is typing
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
Some cats are playing with each other
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
A horse is running
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
The man is playing the flute
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
A dog running through snow.
Couple with newborn baby.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
make a certain size or sort according to size
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
A boy is talking to a leaf
An indicator that orients one generally.
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
Make (undue) claims of owning.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
either half of an archery bow
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
A man is riding a horse
A kid is playing the guitar
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
A man kayaks in rough water.
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
provide veterinary care for.
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
capital stock in a corporation
Red double decker bus with hood up.
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
The man is playing a piano
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
A group of football players is running in the field
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
a person who is in charge.
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
A man is jumping into a pool
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
two cold people stand near a pole.
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
a black dog digging through the snow.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
have as a logical consequence.
a specialized division of a large organization.
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
A woman is being caged for the dance
A young boy is jumping off a chair
A swan is flying through a body of water.
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
situate, position, come to rest
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
The man isn't operating a stenograph
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
An onion is being sliced by a person
A man is not participating in a bmx race
something recalled to the mind.
A man is throwing away a guitar
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
provide or equip with furniture.
A surfer is riding the wave
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
cause to be alert or energetic
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
(cause to) gradually become weak
A man walking two dogs down a street.
put an end to.
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
A man is playing the drums
place into the ground for growing
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
There is no man mowing grass
the act of choosing among alternatives
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
One white dog is staring at the black street
A black and white dog running between poles.
The man is not talking on the phone
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
want, desire or perfer to do something
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
give something for a cause
Three dogs running in the dirt.
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
Two dogs bound across the grass.
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
Man rowing a boat.
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
A woman is slicing a green pepper
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
an electronic memory device.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
injure by turning or rotating
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
make ready for action or use.
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
There is no man slicing a potato
a measurable or quantitative decrease
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
The black dog is not running through the grass
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
The black and white dog is running in a field
A clown is singing and people are dancing
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
Travel on foot.
an approximate definition or example.
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
the act of annoying someone or something
clean with hard rubbing.
Two cubs are playing
A person is slicing some ginger
Left side of a silver train engine.
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
A woman is boiling shrimps
fall or cause to fall
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
A brown dog runs near the water.
income collected as tax by a government
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
Two children are playing in the surf
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
Two dogs play together in the yard.
a man and a woman posing for a picture
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
Two women are not dancing
Look furtively at something.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
give someone credit for something.
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
 have sex with
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
A woman is chopping up an octopus
The guitar is being played by a man
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
adherence to moral principles
hit or return before it touches the ground
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
Two horses standing in a pen.
the act of losing someone or something.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
a group of nations having common interests.
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
The boy is checking a calendar
A dog is rolling on the ground
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
the uppermost area of region of something
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
A boy is saying a word
A man and a woman are walking
A man is playing a wooden flute
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
Children are playing in ground fountains
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
two dogs running on the beach
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
the soft padding under a saddle
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
The curious boys look in the shed.
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
a state or act of gaining pleasure
A cold cyclist is celebrating
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
A man is cooking a snake
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
A bird flies above the water.
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
A woman is slicing a tomato
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
Women pointing at a geyser.
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
an onerous or difficult concern.
The child is splashing water in a pool
restore to a previous or better condition.
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
Young men are dancing in front of some people
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
A child rides a wooden horse.
A woman is frying meat
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
take in marriage.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A woman is drying noodles
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
The guitar is being played by a kid
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
The black and white dog is running indoors
A woman is riding an animal
have a disagreement over something.
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
hand over or put in
Young couple sitting on couch.
The recruits are barking at the military officer
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
An organization that sponsors a large public event
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
A boy is playing on a toy phone
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Three people racing on ice skates.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
A bird flying over the water.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
Two dogs play by a tree.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
Two birds interacting in the grass
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
A bride with a white veil is looking down
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
presentation of a musical theme
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
A person in pink is running onto the field
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
suit to a special purpose.
provide or supply with water
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
A man and a woman are shaking hands
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
A woman is not slicing an onion
A woman is not riding a horse
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
change (dramatically) between high and low values
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
Three dogs running through a field.
A brown and white dog running into the water
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
Two children are hanging on a large branch
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
People in costumes are sitting in the street
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
make by combining materials and parts.
Parked white double decker bus.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
Red double decker bus with hood open.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
There is no one typing
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
ascribe or place in association with
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
A man is driving a car
A person is recklessly riding a horse
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
remove the husks from.
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
A man is escaping a rising swamp
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
arrange a program of or for.
the act of making or enacting laws.
A man is singing to a woman
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
A couple is running towards the ocean
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
A woman is slicing potatoes
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
A man is jumping onto a low wall
make or become more acute or intense
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
to say, state, or perform again.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
the action of extending outwards
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
A red bird is perched in a tree.
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
There is no child holding a squirt gun
estimate the value of.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
A man is running in a field
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
the natural progression or development of something
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
The man is not dancing
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
The woman is cooking something
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
There is no chef preparing a meal
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
A dog is running through the white snow
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
to make less distinct or clear.
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
A black dog is shaking off water.
Two cows standing in a large field.
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
propagation of waves back from a surface
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
mark with scars
Black and white cat lying under bush.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
A black dog is running in the snow
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
A monkey is kicking a person
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
A woman is putting away the garlic
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
A man jumping his dirt bike.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
A dog plays in the water.
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
Runners are racing down a track
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
A dog is barking at a ball
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
A man is jumping on a trampoline
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
A boy is running through the grass
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
The brown dog is running across the sand.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
A woman is surfing
A boy is practicing the keyboard
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
signify or mean to express or convey
A man is erasing some figures
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
the disclosure of something secret.
There is no man peeling an onion
the act of reasoning, cogitation
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
run or flow slowly
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
A dog is eating a doll
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
Two dogs run on the beach.
A black dog running into the water.
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
A golden dog plays in the snow
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
Two brown dogs play in the water.
Kids play soccer on a field.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
A long train is on train tracks.
a flock of sheep or goats
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
Two brown dogs running together on sand
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
save from an experience, action or harm
The basketball player holds the ball.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
indistinct articulation.
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
The girl is riding the horse
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
A woman is squeezing a lemon
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
act of verbally informing
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
A man is not riding a bicycle
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
Black and white dog running through water.
the act of selecting or picking something
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
A young girl is using sign language
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
The dog is biting some droplets of water
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
The dog is jumping in the air.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
The man is eating a banana by a tree
make an incision or separation
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
A woman holding a small baby.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
A dog is jumping through the water.
A dog running through a creek.
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
A young boy is diving into a still lake
A little bird floating in the water.
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
any large deep body of water.
The man is playing the guitar
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
react verbally.
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
A man is firing a shotgun
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
Two children are climbing a tree
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
Two kids playing with a dog.
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
A horse is being ridden by a woman
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
A passenger train in the snow.
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
emit a steady even light without flames.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
change the arrangement or position of.
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
move to and fro.
Two pandas are not lying together
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
The man is painting
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
a company that provides public service commodities
the visual appearance of something or someone.
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
A kid is playing the piano
The piece of paper is being cut
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
There is no man sharpening a knife
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A dog runs in the woods.
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
A group of people are marching
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
The man is playing the drums
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
support by placing on or against something solid
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
Many people are skating in an ice park
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
Three boys playing soccer.
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
The act of having and controlling property.
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
the act of combining, blending, integrating
A girl dances like a man in costume
A large bird is flying through the air.
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
a state of extreme poverty.
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
A man is cutting tomatoes
A girl is styling her hair
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
conform to a metrical pattern.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
Two people are riding a bike
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
urge with or as if with a goad.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A baby is playing a guitar
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
Two dogs running down a beach.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
move in a group or flock
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
to bring or combine together or with something else.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
a brief statement.
utter in a certain way
A tiger is sitting
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
equip with a fuse
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
A woman is not frying fish
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
the act of forming or establishing something.
Enclose in a protective covering.
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
A man is packing a violin
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
There is no person boiling noodles
An animal is emerging from a lake
A biker jumps an obstacles.
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
A couple is looking at a map
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
The drums are being played by a man
accept an excuse for.
A light brown dog is running in the water
consider as part of something.
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
A man is speaking
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
A group of people sitting around a desk.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
The woman is seasoning the oil
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
cause (someone) to undergo something.
The girl is on a swing.
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
make less severe or harsh.
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
A man in a cap is playing a harp
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
a person who is a member of a partnership.
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
look at or observe something or someone
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
A kid is splashing in the pool
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
A man is singing to a girl
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
to interrupt, enter uninvited
Some people are singing
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
A surfer is riding a large wave.
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
submit, send to
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
A woman is cutting butter
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
a military fortification, stronghold
the amount by which something decreases.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
A woman is dancing in a cage
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
The man is not slicing a potato
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
The person is trotting on the horse
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
Some cheerleaders are dancing
The boy isn't playing in the mud
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
There is no man opening a door
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
A person is dicing an onion
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
A woman is cutting a vegetable
A dog walks through the snow.
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
Some water is being drunk by a cat
ATVs are being driven by three people
The act of talking about the features of something.
close with a snapping motion.
A hamster is singing
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
observe or plot the moving path of something.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
The person is carefully slicing a potato
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
to fill with coal or oil
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
A person is cooking some food
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
A dog runs through a snowy field.
take into one's family or group
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
Someone is dismantling a piano
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
Women are sawing logs
a slight cut in a physical surface
The men are playing soccer
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
The dogs play in the snow.
A frog is being handled by the woman
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
having responsibility for managing or supervising
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
A man is riding a motorcycle
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
Man standing in front of silver train.
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
There is no cat playing with a device
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
A girl is doing a manicure
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
the act of taking an offer
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
There is no woman standing near three children
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
induce into action by using one's charm.
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
get or find back; recover
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
A dog chases another by a tree.
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
come into conflict, meet in opposition
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
A young boy jumping into a lake.
Guitar is being played by a man
the act of giving a false appearance.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
Two people are walking near the water
decide upon or fix definitely.
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
the act of forecasting or predicting something
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
A group of children playing with props
A woman is talking on a telephone
A child cavorts on the road.
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
compel, enforce, or insist on something
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
A dog laying in the snow.
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
A group of football players running down the field.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
The violin is being played by a woman
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
The black dog runs through the water.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
the act of exploding or bursting.
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
An instance of visual perception.
the act of explaining or defending something
a quantity of money.
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
A man is puking
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A woman is playing a guitar
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
A man is sharpening a weapon
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
A tiger is walking outside a cage
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
duplicate, match
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
the act of damaging something or someone.
create code, write a computer program.
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
A black dog jumps in the snow.
use resources or materials
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
a portion removed from the whole.
goal or objective
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
an obligation to pay or do something.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
The woman is not waterskiing
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
cover with a protective sheathing.
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
There are no men sawing
characteristic call of an animal
A woman is dancing near a fire
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
A skier speeds through the snow.
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
the power to use something or someone.
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
The kitten is not playing with a toy
owned territory of a sovereign government
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
The person is peeling an onion
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
People sitting on acouch.
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
place or lay as if in a pile
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
The men are not playing soccer
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
Someone is playing piano
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
the reduction of something's value or worth.
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
move to a lower position, terminate something
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
An animal is resting
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
Three dogs are running in a field.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
the cause or instigation of something
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
A little girl is playing a guitar
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
spend time in prison
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
a visual characterization of something
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
Two dogs play on the grass.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
Two trains are traveling on the track.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
take vows, as in religious order.
enter uninvited.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
People riding horses in a fenced area.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
Two puppies play in the grass
The woman and the man are travelling by car
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
A man is chopping butter into a container
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
a train in a station.
There is no woman slicing potatoes
the termination of a meeting.
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
Children play in a pile of snow.
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
A man is dropping the guitar
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
A girl is waking up
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
the processing or operation of something
hurt, feel physical pain
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
A small bird on a tiny branch.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
A green bus drives down a road.
A collie running through the snow.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
The small girl is riding in the toy car
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
A boy is playing on a toy
make or become longer
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
A girl is applying makeup to her face
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
The man is lowering barbells
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
Two brown dogs running through water.
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
A man is harping on about a play
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
A small dog runs through a field.
rein in to keep from winning a race.
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
A person is playing a piano
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
bring to a certain spiritual state.
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
A small black dog is in the grass.
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
A woman runs on the beach.
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
A seabird is flying over some rocks
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
A man is hanging up the phone
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
Some women are talking
military personnel lost by death or capture.
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
The cat is eating some corn
the chief executive of a republic.
The surfer is riding a big wave
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
A small child smiling at the camera.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
A black dog retrieves a bird.
highly infectious viral disease
Brown dog splashing into the water.
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
support on the back and shoulders.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
the ability to recall things
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
provide a feast or banquet for.
A little dog is running on the sand
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
The doctor is helping the patient
the process of becoming less or smaller
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
Two men are playing ping pong
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
the act of flipping a coin.
The small dog protects its owner.
A jockey riding a horse.
something that floats on the surface of water.
A woman is riding a horse
The brown dog is playing outdoors
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
A man is removing some food from a box
A man's face is being painted by a woman
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
injure, scratch the surface
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
personnel casualty
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
A man is cutting a paper
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A monkey is wading through a marsh
The headlights on a blue car.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
Make reference to something.
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
There is no clown singing
A person is frying meat in a pan
There is no woman slicing an onion
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
A dog is playing on the green grass
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
A man is cutting a paper plate
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
give a specific interpretation to
A group of people in a living room.
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
A man is pouring oil into a pan
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
The surfer is riding a small wave
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
There is no one peeling a banana
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
the act of escaping, fleeing
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
Two dogs play in shallow water.
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
A man is chopping an onion
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
end of the American Revolution
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
A person is dancing on the ceiling
A man is diving off a cliff
The man isn't lifting weights
A woman is planting some flowers
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
glare or strike with great intensity.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
make or become wider or more extensive
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
A white horse is standing
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
the act of liberating someone or something.
thin metal strips used in typesetting
Three people preparing to canoe.
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
give to, and receive from, one another.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
A basketball player holding a basketball.
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
Two girls jump out of swings.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A deer is jumping over a fence
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
unite or merge with something already in existence.
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
A man is silent
a method for solving a problem
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
A tan dog leaps into the water.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
make a sharp sound.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
A man is working on the computer
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
A white dog is standing in a lake
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
admit to testing or proof.
make a loud noise, as an animal
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
A man is laughing
The woman is not handling a frog
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
A girl riding a brown horse.
The women are singing and dancing
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
A woman is dancing
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
A woman is jumping rope outside
A brown dog is walking in the water.
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
A dog is playing in water.
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
decorative cover for a bed.
human legs, informal usage
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
There is no man pointing at a car
A brown dog running
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
regard with consideration or respect
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
use up (resources or materials).
Three boys are jumping off a platform
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
compress out of shape or into small pieces
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
Some dogs are playing in a river
perform a duty
the activity of breaking or splintering something
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
There is no man cutting a potato
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
A chimp is practicing martial arts
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
say mean things.
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
make a ticking sound
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
A woman is adding spices to some meat
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
A cartoon airplane is landing
Someone is drawing a person
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
The guitar is being played by a girl
heat metal prior to working it
The man is slicing vegetables
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A white dog running in the snow.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Blue bird standing on green grass.
become long or longer.
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
tell or spread rumors; say
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
make or become more narrow or restricted.
a competitor thought likely to win.
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
A dog is running with a ball
the act of fastening things together.
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
One man is passionately playing the guitar
A white dog with a collar is running.
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
cause to lean to the side.
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
There is no man driving a car
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
move through with or as if with a rake.
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
12th month of the calendar year
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
a loud resonant repeating noise.
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
A flute is being played by the man
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
anything with the form of a thin strip
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
A surfer is riding a big wave
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
lay with rails.
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
People on an amusement park ride.
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
a loss of function
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
The dogs are playing in the snow.
The man is on the ride with the horse
Two women are happily dancing
Some instruments are being played by a band
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
The scuba diver is underwater.
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
Horse standing in a field.
a unit of atmospheric pressure
compel to behave in a certain way.
the act of providing a subsidy.
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
A man is riding a bicycle
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
move in such a way as to avoid
start suddenly, as from fright.
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
jolt of electrical current to the body
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
cause to move round and round.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
A dog is looking at a store counter
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
a written list of particular things being offered
A group of football players is standing still in the field
A woman riding a brown horse.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
mark with a scar.
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
the act or capability of seeing
There is no man eating a banana
A kitten is getting bored
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
the act of constructing something.
extend in a different direction.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
an indication of some hidden activity.
alter by chemical means, to make images.
No people are riding camels at the beach
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
A person is packing a zucchini
There is no person cutting some ginger
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
A man is slicing potatoes
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
A man is playing a harp
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
a person who delivers information or goods
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
A man is using a knife to open a box
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
Young boys play touch football.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
A man is drawing
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
Two men are taking a break from work
a brown dog plays with the hose.
a type of military aircraft
a vehicle race on public roads
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
carry, as on one's back.
Two dogs running in a field.
A black dog walking through water.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
A dog plays in the snow.
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
A rhino is grazing in a field
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
correct by punishment or discipline.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A woman is peeling a potato
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
express or utter with a hiss.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
a dog jumps into the pond.
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
The man is catching a fish
Someone is not playing piano
have sexual intercourse with.
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
A person is playing the keyboard
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
reason or establish by deduction
The dog is not catching a blue ball
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
A close up of an ostrich face.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
A parrot is speaking
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
Two dogs run through grass.
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
Three ice skaters round a corner.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
A race horse galloping without a rider.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
A male is dancing
A man is jumping rope outside
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
A golden dog is running through the snow.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
the state of being active.
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
be or have a quality of being
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
The cat is playing keyboards
There is no light brown dog running up a street
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
a dog sprints across the grass.
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
A dog is running on a snowy road
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
Two animals are running through high grass
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
A tan dog runs through the snow.
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
A man is shooting with a gun
A man walks two dogs in the city.
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
A girl blows on a dandelion.
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
A man is catching a fish
No dog is running through the snow
A brown dog is standing in a lake
fall out of the pod or husk.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
the degree or amount of something
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
A man is mowing grass
the act of rubbing a surface
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
There is no woman cutting an onion
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
A person is not making a bed
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
sorting one thing from others.
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
A sheep grazing in a field.
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
A person is putting away the mushrooms
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
A boy is not playing a guitar
prefer or wish to do something.
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
glean or gather natural products
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
There is no woman slicing a carrot
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
A woman is using a sewing machine
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
reduce the price of something
lack of agreement or harmony.
Two dogs running through the grass.
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
the day immediately before today.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
A man is lifting barbells
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
There is no cat playing a keyboard
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
administer or bestow, as portions
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
A banana is being eaten by a man
A black dog running through water.
Two people are not riding motorbikes
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
a boat moving in a river.
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
A black dog is playing in the snow.
the act of choosing or selecting
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
A dog is running with a volleyball
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
The children are playing in front of a large door
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
give out, allow to have
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
A man is playing a violin
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
limit in quality or quantity.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
A man is sitting on the beach
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Black and brown dog runs through field.
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
A man is phoning
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
a group of children playing with a dog
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A dog plays on the beach.
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Three children playing in hay
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
Four people row a canoe in water.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
a judgement or opinion about something
A woman is boiling eggs
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
recover posession or get back again
have or be covered with bristles
break from a meeting or gathering.
Different teams are playing football on a field
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
terminate an association with.
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
the act of starting something.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
Some children are playing on a playground
Some fish are swimming
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
People stand outside a bookstore.
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
A white car is being driven by the man
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
There is no man playing a flute
the act of reducing the amount or number.
any tall, vertical shape
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
A plane is taking off
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
Two people are wading through the water
The man is intensely playing the guitar
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
A person is holding up an electronic device
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
A bull standing in the field.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
put in a horizontal position.
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
wet with a spurt of liquid.
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
recording tracks of music made on some medium
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
Nobody is beating an egg
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
A woman is not frying some food
The man is aiming a gun
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
An interview is being granted by the man
A woman is frying fish
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
give something useful or necessary to.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
The girl is lounging
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
A child walking in the snow.
A little girl is walking off the stage
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
A group of people are standing
A greyish dog running in the snow.
A box is being cut by a man
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
There is no boy playing a piano
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
the act of having and controlling property.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
the activity of providing supplies
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
put or store in a bottle
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
strike sharply, as in some sports.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
the identification or the realization of something
The flute is being played by the woman
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
an aggressive willingness to compete.
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
A black climber is rocking a dog
Three bottles are on a table.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
the termination, ending of a meeting
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
The monkey is practicing martial arts
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
The man is talking on the telephone
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
A pale dog runs down a path.
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
the act of chipping something.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
the act of putting something in a certain place.
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
There is no person playing a piano
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
Three dogs running through water.
four people are on a boat on green water.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
form a carpet-like cover (over).
A person is drawing some figures
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
Two children are rolling in clean water
A woman resting her face on her hand.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
An onion is being sliced by the woman
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
move faster, or cause to move faster
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A man is riding a water toy in the water
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
A boy riding on a swing.
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
A white train pulling into a station.
covering for a bed
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
There is no monkey kicking a person
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
cause to move by pulling.
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
A woman is frying something
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
A man in a batman suit running.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
The people are standing at a parade
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
make a tour of a certain place.
matter that remains after something has been removed.
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
change toward something smaller or lower.
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
There is no man playing the guitar
A tiger cub is making a sound
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
A dog is running on a muddy path
There is no person riding a bike
The people are running at a carnival
the act of people having sex
Two men are battling
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
A child is missing a baseball
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
The man is thinking
A skier going down the snowy hill.
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
the verbal act of offering.
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
A group of people standing in the street
A group of men playing brass instruments.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
remove a constituent from a liquid.
The child is playing with toys outdoors
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
A bus drives down a busy road.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
The baby is laughing and crawling
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
the act of devoting time and energy to something
A person is putting meat into a skillet
the people who dwell in a camp
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
A man is shooting at target practice
A man is preparing some dish
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
a physical protuberance, large or small
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
a dog runs across the grass.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
A man is shooting guns
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
the act of contacting one thing with another.
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
There is no boy walking across a bridge
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
something additional of the same kind.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
A man is sky surfing on the water.
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
People are walking through a crowded street
remove tree stumps from.
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
exercise authoritative control or power over.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
A woman is boiling noodles in water
A baby is talking
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
A dog walks on the beach.
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
People are playing cricket
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
Two cats are fighting each other
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
A man is playing the guitar owner
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Two dogs run through a field.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
A woman is not peeling a potato
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
reach a destination or goal
an onerous worry or concern
A train parked at a train station.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
A dog runs through sand.
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
A boy is tapping his fingernails
A plane flying near the sunset.
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
the quality of dissimilarity
the front face of a building
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
A boy running through green grass.
ponder, consider, observe carefully
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
Follow one's own or another's path
an indication of something, evidence
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
Two boys are playing a video game
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
A dog in the snow.
The fish are immobile
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
hold or embrace in a tight grip
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
Someone is dirtying an animal
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
A dog splashing in the water.
The act of providing approval and support.
A boy is eating a cupcake
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
A boat in the water.
A person is cutting some mushrooms
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
forcefully request
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
go away or leave.
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
No people is sitting around a fire at night
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
A man is drawing a picture
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
A woman is singing into a microphone
A big green ball is knocking a potato
A couple is looking at a street guide
A woman is dancing on a stage
A girl is playing on a swing.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
A man is doing pull-ups
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
An onion is being sliced by a woman
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
A man is getting off the car
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
get the meaning of something.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
cause to become awake or alert
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
A passenger jet flies through the air.
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
A horse is falling on someone
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
get involved with or mixed up
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
the act of spending or disbursing money.
The plane is landing
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
A person is cutting some ginger
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
the act of perpetrating a crime
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
A girl slides down a purple slide.
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
a state of being encircled
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
A man is playing guitar
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
A man is playing soccer
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
The boy is playing in the mud
A large green ball is missing a potato
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
Three friends are making faces for the camera
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
Bread is being sliced by the man
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
a boy swinging on a swing.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
A boy is studying a calendar
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
beat or pound rapidly
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
the state of having options, alternatives
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
A dog is running through the snow
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
the act of beginning something new.
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
A man is lazing
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
A man is buttering a slice of bread
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
A small animal is lying on the bed
A man is putting away a carrot
the length of time of a temporary cessation
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
A young boy is using sign language
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
A man is shooting with a bow
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
Train going down the tracks.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
The man is stirring oil
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
A small bird eating from the feeder.
A man is shooting a weapon
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
the event of something burning (often destructive).
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
Two people are arguing near a crowd
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
place or set apart.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A player is running with the ball
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
A dog running through deep snow pack.
strive against another or others to attain a goal
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
There is no man exercising
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
A dog is running on the ground
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
A dog shaking water off.
move back and forth
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
relative darkness of a color
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
A small boy is scolding a dog
A deer is standing inside a fence
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
the trade of a funeral director.
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
A man is roasting a snake
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
Four people are silently standing outdoors
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
A dog is running through a pond
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
A woman is looking at the view of a city
There is no woman cutting onions
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
A person is holding a skunk
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
take in (mentally or physically)
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
A man is going into the water
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
to distribute systematically or strategically.
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
the space where a division or parting occurs.
The man is operating a stenograph
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
A dog is biting a mop.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
prevent the progress or free movement of.
the state of being employed
A woman is playing the flute
trace the form or outline of
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
A black dog running on a beach.
A child playing on a playground play set.
The girl is trotting on the horse
the act of planning or deliberating
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
A little girl is playing the piano
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
initiation, founding, introduction of something
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
The status of being champion.
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
symbolize, serve as an example of
Some men are fighting
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
A man is rising from a swamp
duplicate or match.
The dog is running into a brown light
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
The woman is waterskiing
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
House with a red door.
A man is jumping into an empty pool
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
A woman is cutting meat
the event of something being raised upward.
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
One boy is happily playing a piano
I´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
A dog jumps high in the snow.
A man is running on the road
A dog swimming in a pond
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
A person is boiling noodles
The woman is not walking the dog
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
A cat is playing a piano
A machine is sharpening a pencil
the forceful hit of a ball
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
cause to have an odor
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
hit before it touches the ground.
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
The dog is running across the gravel
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
a relative loss in price, value
The act of sorting one thing from others.
A young girl is standing on both legs
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
The man is going into the water.
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
The woman is poking a potato
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
study intensively, as before an exam.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
A man is eating onion slices
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A woman is not slicing garlic
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
A squirrel is running around in circles
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
A double decker bus on a city street.
A baby is crawling happily
One man is leading the race
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
Two dogs are being petted by a man
advance or set forth in court.
Two men are racing in the water.
something considered trite but amusing
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
take away a vital or essential part of.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
Rewrite in a different script.
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
set into opposition or rivalry.
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
a man plays his white guitar.
have faith in, bet on
Two men are playing guitar
The woman is poking holes in the potato
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
And I really liked him, and I still do.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
People stand outside watching something.
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
A child is holding a squirt gun
Nobody is jumping off a platform
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
make shine
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
Remove water from a substance.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
The man is singing and playing the guitar
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
A group of men are playing ball together.
make tracks on a surface
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
two tan dogs play in the grass
cause friction; wear away or erode
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
A man is frying a tortilla
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
The woman is dicing garlic
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
A man is diving off a rock
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
move about in a confused manner.
Some racers are swimming in a lake
There is no team playing soccer
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
A woman is firing at target practice
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
positively-charged center part of an atom
return to an original state.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
give up right or possession to another
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
operating or traveling via a vehicle
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
Two people are driving a motorcycle
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
The man is playing with a skull
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
A woman is cutting potatoes
a surfer rides up the wave.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
A white dog running on the beach.
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
a rank or position relative to others
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
A dog shakes off water
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
A tennis player hitting the ball.
A dog is running on the beach.
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
raise from a lower to a higher position.
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
A brown dog is running in the snow
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
an intuitive understanding of something.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
Mimes are performing on a small stage
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
go back to a previous state.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Two young kids are eating corndogs
a person who is a member of the senate
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
go back, restore, revive
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
A kid is splashing in the ocean
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
The white dog runs through the ocean.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
A man is talking on the phone
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
Two young women shear a sheep.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
The children of a family are playing and waiting
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
a project or undertaking
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
One man is intensely playing a guitar
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
The band isn't singing
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
A man is slicing some bread
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
No dog is emerging from a lake
A black dog jumping into a lake.
a fourth part of a year; three months.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
the occupants of a floor.
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
A man is making music with a flute
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
A man is dancing on the floor
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
A train is running on the tracks.
There is no man playing two keyboards
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
A potato is being peeled by a person
A man is sitting in the rain
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
an abundance or profusion of something
A woman with a white horse.
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
A small monkey is walking in the river
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
come up, as of a liquid.
A dog is standing in the sand.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
the apparent condition or state of something
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
throw with force
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
A man is not playing with water
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
remove water from.
A woman is not slicing an octopus
cause something to be the case
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
There is no man eating food
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
the act of clipping, cutting
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
Two people are in bed.
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
creating a picture with paints.
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
cause to become ice or icy.
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
A man is not mowing a lawn
There is no boy checking a calendar
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
The white dog runs across the snow.
The panda bear is lying on the logs
elevated wooden porch of a house
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
Two dogs playing in the snow.
The women are dancing outside
Small boat going down a creek.
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
There is no dog running on the road
A boy is holding a squirt gun
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A harp is being played by a man
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
A dog is running in a field.
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
a border or boundary of an object
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
A woman is slicing a carrot
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
A man is not cutting a potato
Physically attach to something.
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
A boy is playing a piano
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
have a monopoly of; control fully
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
A girl is riding a horse
There is no woman riding a horse
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
the intended meaning of a communication.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
Two dogs playing in snow.
A dog running along the beach.
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
heat a metal prior to working it.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
make tight or tighter.
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
a person who cleans chimneys
A brown dog running over grass.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
Two young children are walking across an open field.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
A man is sitting in a field
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
A man is strumming the guitar
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
a small thin branch of a tree.
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
Become pregnant.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
partake in a feast or banquet.
the act of putting something in working order again.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
The back of a sign with stickers on.
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
move in circles.
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
A tan puppy being petted.
a well-known or notable person.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
Preserve in a tin or jar.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
look through a book or other written material.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
A man is singing and playing the guitar
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
emit or cause to emit noise
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
Amount that can be contained
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
A baby is licking a dog
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
make less severe or strict.
A man is riding a mechanical bull
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
A man is riding a scooter
throw with force or recklessness.
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
cause to skip over a surface.
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
There is no boy playing guitar
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
A light brown dog is running in the water.
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
A dog is running toward the camera.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
There is no man walking in the rain
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
The rhino is grazing on the grass
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
Many cars parked on a mountain.
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
gather, as of natural products.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
Two boys are talking on the phone
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Two small children walking in a field.
A lady is standing near three children
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
regain or make up for.
affect with or as if with a cramp.
the management of someone or something.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
the act of administering medication.
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
Two white puppies are playing near water
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
The dog is running in the grass.
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
give, dedicate, pledge
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
take something or someone away from somewhere
[provide with a new or different resting place
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
A man is reading an email
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
make a mess of or create disorder in.
A person is frying some food
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
The men are climbing a mountain
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
separate into constituents by soaking.
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
Three men are practicing karate in a field
An animal is running in circles
Someone is playing with a toad
Two white horses staring over a fence.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
Two people are walking through some water.
A boy is throwing away a calendar
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
There is no person slicing an onion
A young man with a beard at an event.
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
a man and woman walking past a record shop
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
a committee having supervisory powers.
cook on a hot surface using fat.
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
fill with high spirits
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A man is talking
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
the property of copious abundance.
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
depict or portray in art, words, or model
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
The dog is chasing the ball
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
A brown dog is jumping in the water
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
The man is slicing bread
strike with horror or terror.
A dog is running towards a ball
A tree is being picked up by a man
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
sheep standing in afield.
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
A lady is putting on makeup
A group of men play a college football game.
A dalmation is running along the beach.
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
The person is painting
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
request urgently and forcefully.
go one's own way; move apart.
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
the face or front of a building.
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
A dog jumps through water.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
the act of hitting vigorously.
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
the pulsation of the heart
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
A white cat looking out of a window.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
be given to, come into the possession of
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
Some kittens are eating
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
pass into a state or condition
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
a fast rate or occurrence of something
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
A person is doing a trick with some cards
the act of climbing something.
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
lessen in force or effect.
A dog is emerging from a lake
the greatest possible degree of something.
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
A young child is standing in front of some trees
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
register formally as a participant or member.
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
A podium is where a man is speaking
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
a movement back from an impact.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
a social set or clique of friends
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
completely use up a resource
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
A man is playing the guitar loudly
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
Two men are hugging
The person is hiking
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
reach or come to rest.
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
be equal to in quality or ability.
fetching something from a source
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
A man stands in front of a train.
measure the depth of a body of water
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
A woman is receiving volleyballs
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
state of being unified
The man is throwing knives at a tree
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
an unofficial association of people or groups.
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
a particular environment or walk of life.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
become or cause to become obstructed.
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
maintain or assert.
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
A man is participating in a bmx race
a dog sprints across the water.
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
Two dogs in the snow
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
cause to be/show to be invalid
Provide medical care for.
an objective or goal
enclose in or as if in a frame.
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
a group of surfers catching a wave
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
Leave to someone after one's death.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
There is no man tying a shoe
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
There is no couple running towards the ocean
A herd of deer is crossing the street
The panda is eating bamboo
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
The turtle isn't following the fish
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
There is no dog running in the grass
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
A guy is mowing the lawn
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
something that attains victory
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
A man is driving a motorbike
The doctor is not helping the patient
combine so as to form a more complex product
A dog is dropping a can
tell or spread rumors.
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
A woman is playing volley ball.
A man is chopping a log with an axe
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
The man is talking on the phone
searching for or buying goods or services.
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
be affected with smut or mildew
lack of agreement, not harmonious
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
The man is lifting barbells
settlement of people distant from their homeland
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
direct the course of; manage or control.
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
A cat is eating corn on the cob
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
preserve in a can or tin.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
a consequence, outcome or result of something
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
the act of harming or hurting someone
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
fall between two taxonomic groups
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
guide, draw through
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
The writing is about a person penciling
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
attract; cause to be enamored.
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
a bird lands in the water.
The man is cutting cooked octopus
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
the large room of a manor or castle.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
repeat; reestablish or begin again
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
The parrot is talking into the microphone
A woman poses with a baby.
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
Man playing game in a store.
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
A dog is running uphill
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
marriage offer
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A woman is being kissed by a man
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
transfer from one place or period to another.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
A boy is playing a keyboard
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
turn from an upright/normal position
the center region of an object
Large green boat floating on water.l.
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
The woman is playing an electric guitar
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
One man is turning on the microwave
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
A man is eating
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
deal with according to routine or procedure
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
Increase the acoustic volume of.
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
A person is slicing some onions
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A man is mowing a lawn
The brown and white dog is in the water.
A woman is stroking a lemur
The person is drawing
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
make coincide in time or operation
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
A dog is opening a can of food
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
the act of turning, rotating an object
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
The doctors are healing a man
hurl as if with a sling.
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
Some children are playing on a statue
increase the volume of.
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
A toy train is striking a toy car
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
the head of a city government.
A person is riding an old motorcycle
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
contrast with equal weight or force.
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
A brown puppy is biting a pole
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
The man is doing a magic trick
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
A man is doing a card trick
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
A person is surfing a big wave.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
A girl is eating a cupcake
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
A group of people having their picture taken.
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
a knapsack, bundle on the back
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
A large white crane is flying near the water
The brown dog is jumping in the air
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
A dog running through the water.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
The man is performing a large jump
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
A man is making a call on a cell phone
A cat is playing with a watermelon
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
indicate a decision or prediction
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A child runs through the grass.
There is no dog playing with a red ball
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
Understand the meaning of something.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
A man on a bike nest to a river.
A man is walking a woman through the woods
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
give a structure to.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
the context or setting in which something takes place
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
cause to run in panic.
A child is talking
the act of applying paint to a surface.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
A horse is racing
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
Fish is being fried by a woman
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
mold for casting, setting concrete
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
The person is not standing on white ice
move very fast.
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
A woman is slicing a fish
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Medicines
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
Children looking a sheep.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
stain with a dirty substance
Train pulling into a station.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
write all the required information onto a form.
A small child slides down a purple slide.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
a citizen of ancient Troy
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
A person is making a bed
The girl is applying makeup to her face
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A young girl going down a tube slide.
A violin is being played by a man
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
A girl in orange lights a candle.
immerse briefly into liquid or container
speed up the process of
The black dog is running on the grass.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
A dog jumps on a lawn.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
Runners are competing in a race
A woman is sewing with a machine
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
A tan dog is resting in the snow
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
Football players are stretching together.
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
A person above their surfboard on the water.
a reason for wanting something done.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
One cat is playing with a watermelon
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
Nobody is floating on a raft
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
the general condition of body and mind.
The man in not playing the flute
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
A group of people are running a race.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
There is no dog rolling from side to side
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
A brown dog is running in a field.
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
cite as an authority; resort to.
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
The man is driving a car
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
A man is recklessly riding a horse
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
Three men eating in a kitchen.
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
The person is not writing with a pencil
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
A man is putting some food in a container
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
White dog outside with two people in background.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
The man and woman are walking
change from one form or medium into another.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
A group of people ride in a race
limit the range or extent of.
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
interfere with someone else's activity
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
A shirtless man catches a football
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
the path followed by an object moving through space.
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
travel along a zigzag path.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
destroy a ship.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
have flavor; taste of something.
two dogs running in the snow
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
the quality of being useful for something
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
an open motorboat used for transport
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
The man is playing a guitar
A man riding a white horse.
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
Put a harness on.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A person is riding a motorcycle
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
A horse is standing
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
A man rock climbing.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
do lacework.
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
A baby is not playing with a doll
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
attain success or reach a desired goal.
partake or provide a banquet
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
the state of being actual or real.
provide a feast or banquet
put under the control of the federal government
One woman is practicing with a flute
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
A baby is not playing a guitar
pass through the esophagus
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
Three dogs are in the snow.
a group of dogs playing
A man is peeling an onion
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
the act of putting a preparation on something.
The young man is rock climbing
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
A man is picking a can
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
The man is seasoning the sausages
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
There is no kitten drinking milk
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
Two dogs are playing with each other
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
A dog zips along the beach.
The person is brushing a cat
make or become harder
The man is climbing up a rope
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
state or explain the meaning
a state of exposure to harm
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
Ask for and get something for free.
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
A lone biker is jumping in the air
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
cross on foot.
A guy on a white horse.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
The guitar is being sold by a lady
Two dogs play in a field.
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
people go up the escalator.
A boy is wearing sunglasses
A woman is putting away a potato
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
Furnish with metal spurs.
the lower part of anything.
The little girl is playing at the playground.
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
change the key of, in music.
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
There are no children playing on a statue
cause to assume a condition
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
an exclusive, privileged group of people
A man is riding a rodeo bull
travel; make a tour of a place
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
A girl in a white dress is running
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
There is no cat playing keyboards
A band is performing on a stage
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
The person is playing the guitar
A child is falling asleep
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
physically grapple with an opponent
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
someone who plays a principal role
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
A man is walking in a yard
The lady is eating slices of meat
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
an observer of a process or activity
The dog is having a rest in the living room
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
an automobile race run over public roads.
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
A girl sliding down a pole
A man is coming out of the water
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
identify or pick out someone or something
A man and a woman are smiling.
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
A shoe is being tied by a man
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
A girl is running on a desert path.
Three men playing baseball.
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
There is no woman deep frying food
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
A white dog runs into a lake.
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
Two men are walking through the water
give an incentive for action.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
A girl is playing the piano
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
Discipline in personal or social activities.
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
The woman is holding a whole tomato
A monkey is riding a bike
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
The man is playing a game on a lawn
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
A woman is cutting an octopus
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
A little boy is topless and is serious
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
observe, perceive
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
physical force that draws objects together
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
The man is wildly dancing
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
face an event and survive; endure
something with no concrete substance.
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
the action of placing or situating an object
the act of admitting someone to enter.
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
A child in the snow.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
A white airplane is on a runway.
A bald person is playing a guitar
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
The man is removing knives from a tree
A man in a small city is doing charity work
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
The cats are not playing with each other
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
a woman with a big necklace.
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
the force by which one object attracts another.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
The boy is playing the piano
A dog is biting a can
(cause to) move around
A keyboard is being played by a person
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
(cause to) become less intense or strict
The lady is slicing up the meat
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
A woman is taking a can
a person who plants bombs.
A tan puppy being held and petted.
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
There is no window being cleaned by a man
the act of pulling an object
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
a special set of circumstances.
A black dog walks through some water.
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
dispose of (something useless or old).
There is no man cutting an onion
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
a white dog running in the snow
There is no man screaming
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
an upward slope or incline
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
manipulate the registers of an organ.
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
There are no dogs playing in the snow
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
the quality of being dependable
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
A boy is standing in the water
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
a unit of military aircraft.
the activity of removing a resource
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
One young lady is jumping on the car
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
A woman is peeling food
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
three dogs playing on a beach
A dog shakes his head.
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
Some men are running a race
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
four children are playing on a trampoline.
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
The guitar is being played by a lady
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
Three dogs playing on grass.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
something that is craved
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
A light brown dog is running up a street
an allotment or percentage of something
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
A girl is wearing sunglasses
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
the translation of an opus from one language to another
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
idolize/show devotion to
The lady is dancing
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
A man is making a phone call
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
An old person is sitting on a bench
Two men in hats pose together.
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
the force used in pulling.
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
the state of being more than full.
cover with or as if with a cloak.
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
the act of improving something's quality
organize anew, as after a setback.
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
Two dogs playing in grass.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
per centum
act or do something in reaction to something
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
to become aware of through the senses.
A little girl on a kid swing.
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
the act of cracking something.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
Two dogs standing in the snow.
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
Two people in two chairs are talking
Train in a station.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
make believe with the intent to deceive.
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
write as if with print, not in cursive
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
edge tool used in shaving.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
form schemes in an underhand manner
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
A women and a dog playing outside
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
tie or fasten into a knot.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
The man is playing a harp
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
Two dogs are playing on the beach
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
Four children looking at barn animals.
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
make fit for a specific purpose
Two cats are lying together
A man is doing exercise
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
A man is showing off a small monkey
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
A brown dog is running on grass.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
Give a performative affectation to (something).
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
A baby is sitting
feel the strong need to eat
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
take up with the tongue.
A potato is being peeled by a woman
A man is riding an electric bicycle
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
A person is not playing the keyboard
A crowd of people is far from the water
have a great affection or liking for.
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
A woman is rowing a boat
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
smother, surpress or lessen something
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
cause to be in a state or location
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
support a person for a position.
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
A boy is checking a calendar
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A small girl is riding in a toy car
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
get on top of; deal with successfully.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
A boy is looking at a calendar
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
A man is naked and is lying in the field
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
A woman is walking the dog down the street
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
The man isn't playing the piano
A boy is shredding a calendar
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
A woman is exercising
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
Two dogs are running in the field.
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
A group of children is not playing tambourines
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
put an end to a state or an activity.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
A man is playing the trumpet
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
The man is eating potato slices
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
People are walking
rot; become unfit for consumption
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
A big dog is running on the ground
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
The human act of making something new.
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
A small white dog running
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
A small white dog is running in a lawn
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
Two dogs in a stream.
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
A dog is running in the snow.
put heels on a shoe
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
maintain with or as if with a bet.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
A young girl is standing on one leg
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
A young girl on Rollerblades.
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
A woman is staging a dance
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
A man is dancing on a roof 
advance or set forward in court
Two women sitting on brown couch.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
Some kittens are hungry
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
remove or force out from a position.
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
an impression that something might be the case.
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
the act of preserving or protecting something
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
Boys are dancing in front of some people
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
an interpretation of a text or action.
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
A black dog is standing in shallow water
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
the state of having one's weight supported
cause to come out in a squirt.
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
A young boy is playing a guitar
cause to become awake or conscious.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
flog or whip
any affliction that causes great suffering.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
A man is playing the drum
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
A rider is surfing the wave
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
A girl sitting in a living chair.
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
A boy is playing an instrument
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
A bike rider on a ramp.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
A guitar is being played by a girl
A white dog running on sand.
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
A black dog running in the snow.
A man is kicking a soccer ball
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
A woman is chopping garlic
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
There is no boy looking at a calendar
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
There is no woman riding a water scooter
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
the act of giving someone a job.
a straight length of road or racetrack
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
(cause to) fall in drops
a store or supply of something
The milk is being drunk by a cat
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
A man is crying
interfere in someone else's activity.
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
Four people are performing music outdoors
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
A man is dancing in the rain
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
move in an irregular course
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
The man and woman are not walking
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
Two people are kissing near a crowd
assembled group of spectators at a performance
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
Two dogs are running through high grass
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
A person is not tearing paper
A man and a woman are having a conversation
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
a state of confinement in a small space
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
A small boy is sitting in the forest
A woman is breaking eggs
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
cause to be interested or curious.
People are sitting near a wall
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
There is no woman combing her hair
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
Something that provides advice.
coating used as a repellant to moisture
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
A person is eating a cut onion
Three dogs running through a puddle.
The person is going into the water
A man is running down the road
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
leave undone or leave out
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
orient, be positioned
A man is working on the laptop
Make sure of.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
The turtle is following the red fish
A young boy falls off his bike.
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
A young girl is standing still
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
Two people are playing ping pong
A man is having fun with water
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
The singer is leaving the band
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
A plane being readied for take-off.
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
Two dogs in a yard.
express or transform in a new form or language
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
The man is racing for the lead 
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
make a written note of something
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
terminate, end, or take out.
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
the activity of leading.
The little cat is playing with a toy
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
Two women are dancing
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
The man is not putting chicken into the container
Three women are sitting in a village
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
the quality of being significant.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
A dog sleeping under a table.
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
Two dogs are playing outside
Dogs are racing on a track
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
A surfer is falling off the wave
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
The person is eating
A black dog looking at the camera.
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
A woman is cracking eggs
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
A man is making a sketch
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
A woman holding a newspaper.
A man is playing the guitar
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
the act of substituting one thing for another
The man with a hard hat is dancing
show submission or fear.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
A man is slicing onions
a region allocated to hold something
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
being in a protected state or condition
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
An airplane is flying through the air
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
Black and brown table in living room setting.
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
be a summary of.
Two children go sledding.
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
an accounting period of 12 months
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
A woman is not cutting meat
Several people are in front of a colorful building
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
a sudden outburst.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
There is no man slicing some bread
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
A bottle is being licked by the cat
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
provide with a toggle
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
The boys are standing and burning a car
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
have need of.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
The man is training
A horse is being ridden by a guy
A woman is unstitching with a machine
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
hold or carry in equilibrium.
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
A monkey is brushing the dog
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
The black dog is running through the water.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two kids splashing in the water.
take or capture by force.
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
regard something as probable or likely.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
The man is riding a mechanical bull
be fond of.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
the action of putting something into operation.
The woman is measuring a man
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
People is standing against a wall
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
There is no woman dancing in a cage
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
A man is running away from the soccer ball
A person is being kicked by a monkey
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
There is no woman slicing tofu
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
A dog runs through the grass.
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
computer text files
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
Identify, establish location or identity
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
A woman is not cutting broccoli
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
the act of swallowing liquid
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
Room with several computer monitors.
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
move or execute very quickly or hastily
A white cat laying on a sheet.
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
A woman is restraining the dog
A man is athletically jumping a wall
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
There is no woman peeling a potato
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
There is no woman putting on makeup
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
make lighter or brighter.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
A man is singing and playing a guitar
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
Some men are playing rugby
create something in the mind
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
A man is playing the flute
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
One panda is climbing
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
The man is drawing
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
A boy is running away from the fishing line
Two men are playing table football
A girl is playing on a toy phone
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
Three greyhounds racing on a track
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
become due for repayment.
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
A woman is playing the violin
A dog standing in the water.
A man and a woman on a bench.
An officer is talking to the recruits
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
changing one thing for another
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
A brown and white dog is running through the river
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
rein in a horse to lose a race
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
cause to come to the ground.
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
The person is slicing a vegetable
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
create a new entity by putting components or members together
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
set or ask for a certain price.
A dog is barking noisily
The person is not riding the horse
spare in quality or quantity
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
originate or come into being.
the motion of one object relative to another.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
A dog is biting a black frisbee
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
be the host of or for.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
A man is playing keyboards
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
Dogs in a race.
the first part or section of something.
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
infer or believe to be the case
A man is removing the peel of an onion
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
The man is seasoning the meat
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
the act of concealing or disguising
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
a cell for violent prisoners.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
An electronic man is held as a device
provoke or stir up.
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
the act of validating the authenticity of something
There is no baby talking
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
A white dog bounding through snow
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
A man is tying the shoe
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
the act of rejecting something.
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
the act of arriving at a certain place
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
The woman is not cooking something
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
A skateboarder on a ramp.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
the act of cutting something into parts.
The man is hurling knives at a tree
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
The boy is not playing the piano
a cause or source of harm
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
A boy standing on a beach.
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
something serving as a cover or protection.
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
A man is idling
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
the state of taking in or encircling.
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
The man is going into the water
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
People are riding two camels at the beach
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
A man is slicing a fish
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
There is no woman firing a rifle
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
Two dogs playing in the water.
enjoy, be fond of or approve
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
the act of protesting, dissenting
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
club or association of people with a shared interest
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
The woman is putting makeup on the man
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
A computer operating on a desk.
The doctors are not reviving a man
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
The person is slicing onions
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
A tan and white dog runs through water.
(finally) do something or be somewhere
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
a woman with a viking hat on.
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
The guitar is being played by the man
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
cause to spread in another part of the world.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
accuse formally of a crime.
an approximated amount of something
state of being active, bustling about
appoint to a clerical posts.
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
A dog is running along the grass.
The person is walking
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
A black dog is running across a field.
move an implement through.
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
unite; merge with something already in existence
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
The men are performing on stage
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
Two boxers are in the ring.
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
cause to move back and forth.
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
Two children are playing
There is no rope being climbed by a man
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
move back and forth or sideways.
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
role or function of the head of a government department
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
shape or influence; give direction to.
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Someone is reading the email
Three women are dancing
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
the flavor quality of something
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
the rate of some repeating event.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Two girls are playing guitar
Two black dogs run through a field.
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
A woman is not eating a cupcake
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
cause to procreate (animals).
A woman in riding a brown horse.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
burn slightly to affect color
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
There is no girl jumping into the car
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
The sheep is standing under the trees.
stretch out completely.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
A man is coming down a rope
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
A man is standing still
Different football players are teaming on a field
There is no man mixing
Performance, routine
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
There is no man making a phone call
lock with one another
A green car parked at a saloon.
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
A man is playing flute
A sheep stands on a hillside.
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
A woman is putting away a carrot
A woman is grating carrots
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
A man is singing and walking down the road
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
The black dog plays in the snow.
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
The log is lying on the panda bear
the fashionable elite of a given community
raise in rank, character, or status.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
The man is slicing potatoes
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
A girl is playing a wind instrument
Three dogs play by a lake.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
There is no kid playing guitar
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
Two teams are playing soccer
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
any cause or source of great suffering
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
be in or establish communication with
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
There is no biker jumping in the air
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
The dog is running through the dry sand
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
Two cows graze in a field.
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
Three men are looking into the distance
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
a boy falls off his red bike.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
The dog is running through deep snow.
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
put into a certain place or abstract location.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
A duck floating in the water.
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
make thick or thicker.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
The man isn't talking on the telephone
There is no cat swinging on a fan
bring to a certain pressure
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
a usually brief attempt.
The man is playing a flute
A dog is biting a doll
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
attack as if with claws.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
part; cease or break association with.
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
appear in a certain way.
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
A man is cutting onions
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
head of a country
the act of clipping or snipping.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
The dogs are walking in the desert.
turn in to get something in exchange
A man is slicing butter
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
A topless girl is covered in paint
room where work is done.
A cat is playing a keyboard
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
A person is not playing a keyboard
cause to be in brief contact with.
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
A dog jumps through a hoop.
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
(cause to) become even or level
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
A band is playing some instruments
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
The person is setting fire to the cameras
Two young children are eating corndogs
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
A man with a white headband playing drums.
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
become or cause to become obstructed
A white race car is driving through a puddle
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
Several children playing in a ball pit.
give away something that is not needed
The men are not talking
People are walking through a street which is crowded
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
A white dog is running through the snow.
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
Some food is being eaten by a man
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
A man and woman blow bubbles.
A man is not playing a guitar
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
A man with a camera is studying the subject
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
an offer of marriage.
have in mind as a plan or purpose
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
Three women are running in a village
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
Two people are standing on a bench
An airplane facing the camera.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
The young man is not rock climbing
A green car parked outside the saloon.
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
A plane flying at a distance.
an aptitude that may be developed.
the act of making a proposal.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.